!
L |
-5330
AMENDMENT #1 TO GRANT CONTRACT BETWEEN
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
BY AND THROUGH THE METROPOLITAN HOUSING TRUST FUND COMMISSION
AND MENDING HEARTS, INC.
This contract amendment is entered into by and between THE METROPOLITAN
GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY ACTING BY AND
THROUGH THE METROPOLITAN HOUSING TRUST FUND COMMISSION, a
municipal corporation of the State of Tennessee (hereinafter referred to as "Metro") and
MENDING HEARTS, INC. (hereinafter referred to as "Recipient"). It is mutually understood
and agreed by and between said, undersigned contracting parties that the subject Grant Contract is
hereby amended as follows:
1. Grant Contract section B.1 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
B.1. Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant shall be from execution of the grant
agreement until Project completion, but in no way greater than 36 months from the execution
of the grant agreement. Metro shall have no obligation for services rendered by the Recipient
which are not performed within this term. |
The remaining provisions of the Contract shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect. {
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Contract:
Recipient: Mending Hearts, Inc.
—. JZ &
By: [ae L Labbe .
Trina Friergon, Executive Director
Date: O'/A5/202%
{
i
|
|
{N0261079,1} . |
t


THE METROPOLITAN GOVERAMENT OF NASHVILLE AVD DAVIDSON
COUNTY:
APPROVED:
ar ~
(YHA (les Jee
Hi Sebrhias Miraic 43 Dare /
Ma: Guoliten Wows Hs Fund Coninission
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS:
Aly Flannany/ gfe
Keli Ftes. Hirai === Cys
Deparment of Fitcint Ge
i APPROVED AS-TO RISK AND INSURANCE:
Balogun Cebb 2122/2023
Direatar oF By gaged Sedeni : bie
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND.LEGALITY:
Mime 2/22/2023
‘Assisiant Mew Piisn Anoney inte SSCS
FILEW EN THE OF LICE WF ZA HE METROPOLITAN CLERK:
Aulin NAR 19 2023
Metropolitas Clerk OO Nee


GRANT CONTRACT
BETWEEN THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE
BY AND THROUGH
THE METROPOLITAN HOUSING TRUST FUND COMMISSION
AND
MENDING HEARTS, INC.

This Grant Contract issued and entered into by and between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson

County, a municipal corporation of the State of Tennessee hereinafter referred to as “Metro”, and Mending Hearts, Inc.,

hereinafter referred to as the “Recipient,” is for the provision of the construction of affordable housing units as further

defined in the "SCOPE OF PROGRAM." Mending Hearts, Inc. will be adding 8 affordable transitional housing units for
rental located at 4101 Albion Street, Nashville, TN 37209. The recipient's annual report and audit are incorporated herein
by reference. The Recipient is a nonprofit charitable or civic organization.

A. SCOPE OF PROGRAM:

A.1, Each Property to which these grant funds are provided for shall be subject to a Declaration of Restrictive
Covenants (“Declaration”) imposing certain affordability requirements to encumber the Property and run with the
land over a 30-year term. Terms defined in the Declaration shall have the same meanings when used in this
Agreement.

A.2. The Recipient shall use the funds under this grant in accordance with the affordable housing project submitted in
the application and any of its amendments, which application is incorporated herein, and subject to the terms and
conditions set forth herein.

A.3. The Recipient, under this Grant Contract, will spend funds solely for the purposes set forth in their application or
proposal for grant funding which is incorporated herein. These funds shall be expended consistent with the Grant
Budget, included in Attachment A. Although some variation in line item amounts for the Grant is consistent with
the Grant Budget, any change greater than 20% of a line item shall require the prior written approval of Metro.
However, in no event will the total amount of the Grant funds provided to Recipient go above the awarded Grant
amount of $374,398.

Additional Conditions for Rental Properties:

1. The Grantee will provide Metro with a management plan for program oversight which includes certification of the
rents, utility allowances and tenant incomes. The Grantee will also provide Metro an annual certification that
Barnes rental requirements are being met throughout the compliance period.

2. The Grantee will allow Metro or a Metro-approved contractor to conduct on-site inspections of the grantee for
compliance Barnes program requirements including, but not limited to, reviewing tenant income calculations, rent
determinations and utility allowances.

3. Compliance restrictions on both tenant income and maximum rents shall apply for thirty (30) years from the date
of issuance of the certificate of occupancy for the final building within the project. If a certificate of occupancy is
not issued, the compliance period will begin on the date of recordation of the notice of completion for the project.

B. GRANT CONTRACT TERM:

B.1. Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant shall be from execution of the grant agreement until Project
completion, but in no way greater than 24 months from the execution of the grant agreement. Metro shall have no
obligation for services rendered by the Recipient which are not performed within this term. Pursuant to
Metropolitan Code of Laws § 2.149.040 (G), in the event the recipient fails to complete its obligations under this
grant contract within twenty-four months from execution, Metro is authorized to rescind the contract and to reclaim
previously appropriated funds from the organization.

Cc. PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

(NO281585 1} ]
Exhibit E


C.1. Maximum Liability. In no event shall the maximum liability of Metro under this Grant Contract exceed three
hundred seventy-four thousand three hundred ninety-eight dollars ($374,398). The Grant Budget, attached and
incorporated herein as part of Attachment A, shall constitute the maximum amount to be provided to the Recipient
by Metro for all of the Recipient's obligations hereunder. The Grant Budget line items include, but are not limited
to, all applicable taxes, fees, overhead, and all other direct and indirect costs incurred or to be incurred by the
Recipient.

This amount shall constitute the Grant Amount and the entire compensation to be provided to the Recipient by
Metro.

C.2. | Compensation Firm. The maximum liability of Metro is not subject to escalation for any reason. The Grant
Budget amount is firm for the duration of the Grant Contract and is not subject to escalation for any reason unless
the grant contract is amended.

C.3. Payment Methodology. The Recipient shall be compensated for actual costs based upon the Grant Budget, not
to exceed the maximum liability established in Section C.1. Upon execution of the Grant Contract and receipt of a
request for payment, the Recipient may be eligible to receive reimbursement for milestones as completed based
upon the Grant Budget.

a. Grant Draws
Before a draw can be made, there must be a physical inspection of the property by Metro or an approved
designee. The inspection must confirm appropriate completion of the project. All draw requests must be
inspected before funding.
1) Construction Grant Draw Schedule (% based on grant amount)
¢ 12.5% - upon receipt of the Building Permit (check property address and contractors name)
and Builder's Risk Insurance sufficient to cover cost of construction (make sure Metro is listed
as lien holder)
* 25% - footing framing and foundation completed (25% complete)
¢ 25% - roofing completed and the plumbing, electric and mechanical are roughed in and
approved by local Codes (50% complete)
e 25% - cabinets, counters, drywall, trim and doors are installed (75% complete)
Balance of grant upon receipt of a Final Use & Occupancy from local Codes (100% complete).
All draw requests except for the first 12.5% draw must be inspected before funding.
The above is the preferred draw method. We will occasionally fund based on a true percentage of
completion as noted in a Construction Inspection report, understanding that the initial 12.5% draw may
overfund the grant, requiring later draws to be reduced.
2) Construction Grant Draw Process
e Draw request is received from the Recipient. It should be requested by the contractor and
approved by the Recipient.
e Proper receipt documentation must be included to be processed by Metro.
e Complete property inspection
e Metro or approved designee approves the request.
e Payments should be made to the Recipient.
All invoices shall be sent to:
Barnes Housing Trust Fund
Office of the Mayor
Metropolitan Courthouse
Nashville, TN 37201
(615) 862-6000, (615) 862-6040 fax
(NO281585.1} 2
Exhibit E


Said payment shall not exceed the maximum liability of this Grant Contract.

Final invoices for the contract period should be received by Metro Payment Services by 24 months from the
execution of the grant agreement. Any invoice not received by the deadline date will not be processed and all
remaining grant funds will expire.

C.4. Close-out Expenditure and Narrative Report. The Recipient must submit a final grant Close-out Expenditure and
Narrative Report. to be received by the Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission / Barnes Housing Trust
Fund within 45 days of the end of the Grant Contract. Said report shall be in form and substance acceptable to
Metro and shall be prepared by a Certified Public Accounting Firm or the Chief Financial Officer of the Recipient
Organization.

C.5. Payment of Invoice. The payment of any invoice by Metro shall not prejudice Metro’s right to object to the invoice
or any matter in relation thereto. Such payment by Metro shall neither be construed as acceptance of any part of
the work or service provided nor as an approval of any of the costs included therein.

C.6. Unallowable Costs. The Recipient's invoice shall be subject to reduction for amounts included in any invoice or
payment theretofore made which are determined by Metro, on the basis of audits or monitoring conducted in
accordance with the terms of this Grant Contract, to constitute unallowable costs.

C.7. Deductions. Metro reserves the right to adjust any amounts which are or shall become due and payable to the
Recipient by Metro under this or any Contract by deducting any amounts which are or shall become due and
payable to Metro by the Recipient under this or any Contract.

C.9. Electronic Payment. Metro requires as a condition of this contract that the Recipient shall complete and sign
Metro's form authorizing electronic payments to the Recipient. Recipients who have not already submitted the
form to Metro will have thirty (30) days to complete, sign, and return the form. Thereafter, all payments to the
Recipient, under this or any other contract the Recipient has with Metro, must be made electronically.

C. 10. Recipient agrees and understands that procurement of goods and services for the grant project must comply with
state and local law and regulations, including the Metropolitan Procurement Code. Recipient will provide Metro
with all plans and specifications needed for these procurement purposes. Recipient will promptly review, and
either approve or disapprove, in good faith and with reasonable grounds all estimates, amendments to scope of
work, and all work performed by a contractor prior to payment.

C. 11, At the reasonable request of Metro, Recipient agrees to attend public meetings, neighborhood meetings, and
other events regarding this Project.

C.12. Any signage, printed materials, or online publications erected at the applicable Project site or elsewhere regarding
the Project shall include the following language or language acceptable by Metro acknowledging that the Project
is partially funded with a grant from the Barnes Fund for Affordable Housing of the Metropolitan Government of
Nashville and Davidson County:

This project funded in part by the Barnes Affordable Housing Trust Fund of the Metropolitan Government
of Nashville & Davidson County.

Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission

John Cooper, Mayor

Metropolitan Council of Nashville and Davidson County

D. STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

D.1. Required Approvals. Metro is not bound by this Grant Contract until it is approved by the appropriate Metro
representatives as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.

{NU281585,1} 3
Exhibit E


D.2. Modification and Amendment, This Grant Contract may be modified only by a written amendment that has been
approved in accordance with all Metro procedures and by appropriate legislation of the Metropolitan Council.

D.3. Default and Termination for Cause. Any failure by Owner to perform any term or provision of this Grant Contract
shall constitute a "Default" (1) if such failure is curable within 30 days and Recipient does not cure such failure
within 30 days following written notice of default from Metro, or (2) if such failure is not of a nature which cannot
reasonably be cured within such 30-day period and Recipient does not within such 30-day period commence
substantial efforts to cure such failure or thereafter does not within a reasonable time prosecute to completion
with diligence and continuity the curing of such failure. Should the Recipient Default under this Grant Contract or if
the Recipient violates any terms of this Grant Contract, Metro shall have the right to immediately terminate the
Grant Contract and the Recipient shall return to Metro any and all grant monies for services or projects under the
grant not performed as of the termination date. The Recipient shall also retum to Metro any and all funds
expended for purposes contrary to the terms of the Grant. Such termination shall not relieve the Recipient of any
liability to Metro for damages sustained by virtue of any breach by the Recipient.

D.4. Subcontracting. The Recipient shall not assign this Grant Contract or enter into a subcontract for any of the
services performed under this Grant Contract without obtaining the prior written approval of Metro.
Notwithstanding any use of approved subcontractors, the Recipient shall be considered the prime Recipient and
shall be responsible for all work performed.

D.S. Conflicts of Interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount shall be paid directly or
indirectly to an employee or official of Metro as wages, compensation, or gifts in exchange for acting as an officer,
agent, employee, subcontractor, or consultant to the Recipient in connection with any work contemplated or
performed relative to this Grant Contract.

The Grantee also recognizes that no person identified as a Covered Person below may obtain a financial interest or

benefit from a Metro Housing Trust Fund Competitive Grant assisted activity, or have an interest in any contract,

subcontract or agreement with respect thereto, or the proceeds thereunder, either for themselves or those whom they
have family or business ties, during their tenure or for one year thereafter.

Covered Persons include immediate family members of any employee or board member of the Grantee. Covered Persons
are ineligible to receive benefits through the Metro Housing Trust Fund Competitive Grant program. Immediate
family ties include (whether by blood, marriage or adoption) a spouse, parent (including stepparent), child
(including a stepbrother or stepsister), sister, brother, grandparent, grandchild, and in-laws of a Covered Person.

D6. Nondiscrimination. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person shall be excluded from
participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination in the performance of this Grant
Contract or in the employment practices of the Recipient on the grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion,
sex, national origin, or any other classification which is in violation of applicable laws. The Recipient shall, upon
request, show proof of such nondiscrimination and shall post in conspicuous places, available to all employees
and applicants, notices of nondiscrimination.

D.7. Records. All documents relating in any manner whatsoever to the grant project, or any designated portion thereof,
which are in the possession of Recipient, or any subcontractor of Recipient shall be made available to the
Metropolitan Government for inspection and copying upon written request by the Metropolitan Government.
Furthermore, said documents shall be made available, upon request by the Metropolitan Government, to any state,
federal or other regulatory authority and any such authority may review, inspect and copy such records. Said records
include, but are not limited to, all drawings, plans, specifications, submittals, correspondence, minutes, memoranda,
tape recordings, videos or other writings or things which document the grant project, its design and its construction.
Said records expressly include those documents reflecting the cost of construction, including all subcontracts and
payroll records of Recipient.

Recipient shall maintain documentation for all funds provided under this grant contract. The books, records, and
documents of Recipient, insofar as they relate to funds provided under this grant contract, shall be maintained for
a period of three (3) full years from the date of the final payment. The books, records, and documents of
(N0281585,1} 4
Exhibit E


Recipient, insofar as they relate to funds provided under this grant contract, shall be subject to audit at any
reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by Metro or its duly appointed representatives. Records shall be
maintained in accordance with the standards outlined in the Metro Grants Manual. The financial statements shall
be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

D.8. Monitoring. The Recipient's activities conducted and records maintained pursuant to this Grant Contract shall be
subject to monitoring and evaluation by Metro or Metro's duly appointed representatives. The Recipient shall
make all audit, accounting, or financial records, notes, and other documents pertinent to this grant available for
review by the Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability, Internal Audit or Metro’s representatives, upon
request, during normal working hours.

D.9. Reporting. The Recipient must submit an Interim Program Report, to be received by the Metropolitan Housing
Trust Commission / Barnes Housing Trust Fund, by no later than February 1, 2022 and a Final Program Report,
to be received by the Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission within 45 [forty-five] days of the end of the
Grant Contract. Said reports shall detail the outcome of the activities funded under this Grant Contract.

D.10. Strict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist in any one or more cases upon the strict performance of any of the
terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement shall not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment
of any such term, covenant, condition, or provision. No term or condition of this Grant Contract shall be held to be
waived, modified, or deleted except by a written amendment by the appropriate parties as indicated on the
signature page of this Grant.

D.11. Insurance. The Recipient shall maintain adequate public liability and other appropriate forms of insurance,
including other appropriate forms of insurance on the Recipient's employees, and to pay all applicable taxes
incident to this Grant Contract.

D.12. Metro Liability. Metro shall have no liability except as specifically provided in this Grant Contract.

D. 13. Independent Contractor. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to create a partnership or joint
venture between the Recipient and Metro or to create the relationship of principal and agent between or among
the Recipient and Metro. The Recipient shall not hold itself out in a manner contrary to the terms of this
paragraph. Metro shall not become liable for any representation, act, or omission of any other party contrary to
the terms of this paragraph.

D. 14. Indemnification and Hold Harmless.

(a) Recipient shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Metro, its officers, agents and employees from any
claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees for injuries or damages arising, in part or in whole, from the
negligent or intentional acts or omissions of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or
independent contractors, in connection with the performance of the contract, and any claims, damages, penalties,
costs and attorney fees arising from any failure of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its
sub or independent contractors, to observe applicable laws, including, but not limited to, labor laws and minimum
wage laws.

(b) Metro will not indemnify, defend or hold harmless in any fashion the Recipient from any claims, regardless of
any language in any attachment or other document that the Recipient may provide.

(c) Recipient shall pay Metro any expenses incurred as a result of Recipient's failure to fulfill any obligation in a
professional and timely manner under this Contract.

(d) Grantee’s duties under this section shall survive the termination or expiration of the grant.

D.15. Force Majeure. The obligations of the parties to this Grant Contract are subject to prevention by causes beyond
the parties’ control that could not be avoided by the exercise of due care including, but not limited to, acts of God,
tiots, wars, strikes, epidemics or any other similar cause.

D.16. State, Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with all applicable federal, state and local
laws and regulations in the performance of this Grant Contract.

(NO28 1585.1} 5
Exhibit E


D.17. Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction and effect of this Grant Contract and any and all extensions
and/or modifications thereof shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
Tennessee. The venue for legal action concerning this Grant Contract shall be in the courts of Davidson County,
Tennessee.

D.18 Attomey Fees, Recipient agrees that, in the event either party deems it necessary to take legal action to enforce
any provision of the Grant Contract, and in the event Metro prevails, Recipient shall pay all expenses of such
action including Metro’s attorney fees and costs at all stages of the litigation.

D.19. Completeness. This Grant Contract is complete and contains the entire understanding between the parties
relating to the subject matter contained herein, including all the terms and conditions of the parties’ agreement.
This Grant Contract supersedes any and all prior understandings, representations, negotiations, and agreements
between the parties relating hereto, whether written or oral.

D. 20. Headings. Section headings are for reference purposes only and shall not be construed as part of this Grant
Contract.

D. 21 Licensure. The Recipient and its employees and all sub-grantees shall be licensed pursuant to all applicable
federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, rules, and regulations and shall upon request provide proof of all
licenses. Recipient will obtain all permits, licenses, and permissions necessary for the grant project.

D. 22. Waiver. No waiver of any provision of this contract shall affect the right of any party thereafter to enforce such
provision or to exercise any right or remedy available to it in the event of any other default.

D. 23. Inspection. The Grantee agrees to permit inspection of the project and/or services provided for herein, without
any charge, by members of the Grantor and its representatives.

D. 24. Assignment—Consent Required. The provisions of this contract shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding
upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Except for the rights of money due to
Recipient under this contract, neither this contract nor any of the rights and obligations of Recipient hereunder
shall be assigned or transferred in whole or in part without the prior written consent of Metro. Any such
assignment or transfer shall not release Recipient from its obligations hereunder. Notice of assignment of any
rights to money due to Recipient under this Contract must be sent to the attention of the Metro Department of
Finance.

D.25. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or agree to give
any employee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to solicit, demand, accept or agree to
accept from another person, a gratuity or an offer of employment in connection with any decision, approval,
disapproval, recommendation, preparations of any part of a program requirement or a purchase request,
influencing the content of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditing
or in any other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or
controversy in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or controversy or other
particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or subcontract or to any solicitation or
proposal therefore. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any payment, gratuity or offer of employment to
be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or
a person associated therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach of the
provisions of this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of ethical standards which may
result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or suspension from participation in Metropolitan Government
contracts.

D.26. Communications and Contacts. All instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other communications from the
Recipient required or contemplated by this Grant Contract shall be in writing and shall be made by facsimile
transmission, email, or by first class mail, addressed to the respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or
address as set forth below or to such other party, facsimile number, or address as may be hereafter specified by
written notice.

Metro:
€N028 1585.1} 6
Exhibit E


For contract-related matters and enquiries regarding invoices:
Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission / Barnes Housing Trust Fund
Office of the Mayor
Metropolitan Courthouse
Nashville, TN 37201
(615) 862-6000, (615) 862-6040 fax
ashley.brown2@nashville.gov

Recipient:

Trina Frierson

Chief Executive Officer
Mending Hearts, Inc.
PO Box 280236
Nashville, TN 37228

D.27. Lobbying. The Recipient certifies, to the best of its knowledge and belief, that:

a. No federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid, by or on behalf of the Recipient, to any
person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any agency, a Member of
Congress in connection with the awarding of any federal contract, the making of any federal grant, the
making of any federal loan, and entering into of any cooperative agreement, and the extension,
continuation, renewal, amendment, or modification of any federal contract, grant, loan, or cooperative
agreement.

b. If any funds other than federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid to any person for
influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any agency, a Member of Congress, an
officer or employee of Congress, or an employee of a Member of Congress in connection with this grant,
loan, or cooperative agreement, the Recipient shall complete and submit Standard Form-LLL, “Disclosure
Form to Report Lobbying,” in accordance with its instructions.

c. The Recipient shall require that the language of this certification be included in the award documents for
all sub-awards at all tiers (including sub-grants, subcontracts, and contracts under grants, loans, and
cooperative agreements) and that all subcontractors of federally appropriated funds shall certify and
disclose accordingly.

0.28 Effective Date. This contract shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed first by the Recipient and
then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government and has been filed in the office of the
Metropolitan Clerk. When it has been so signed and filed, this contract shall be effective as of the date first written
above.

(THIS PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK)
(N0281585.1} 7
Exhibit E


THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT RECIPIENT:
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON
COUNTY: MENDING HEARTS, INC.
a
APPROVED AS TO PROGRAM SCOPE: By: = is
Title: Chief Executive Officer
Swom to and subscribed to before me a
Nota’ Bulbtiecthte b-ciay
o_ Apa 2021.
Chair, Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund
Commission
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF Notary Public
FUNDS: Chg
Director of Finance Duy,
My Commission expires. _ Septuaber 18. WZ
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND
LEGALITY =
va
wai,
# ok. : vas Rie
SSN
Metropolitan Attorney = se oe <<: 2
se: oS Sen poe
332 ene ™ FEE
APPROVED AS TO RISK AND = * se? et
INSURANCE: *, hy PUB RS
See LLiIAMSO, *
“oogagges®
Director of Insurance
Metropolitan Clerk
(NU2H1585.1} 8
Exhibit E


Mending Hearts Fall 2620 BARNES HOUSING TRUST FUND RENTAL BUDGET
a (
[| Develapenene Type] SewjeFamily Te
a =
|__ Accessible BuslineRoutes| Yes fT
a
a a  ( (
eS SS SS
eS) SS SS
SS" ee ee ee) eS ee |e
sot es aa fi, EERE BREAST ic uecee ata ued 2 a #]
SE a es ee Cs ees) ay
|_ band withSmruchwe fs 2
Tite Race
a el > ee eee
a ee an eee ————s
fishes SCR MR ER a Giljesigy iris! alike UUs ung vine rere mA ORANaRIHCAT ar AeeM tein! Pe |
|Predevelopment Costs ff
ic i | eee] een Pee ee | ee
[Sureey ssf asf
|_Retucstion (if applicable) fa
a 5 ><) CY) (RO)
SS = eee ee Eee ey (Seer
a I  -  )  « ( )
aE E CES Chg aj BEBE we fa]
a 1) S| CX ——)( —) —-)
reo fe eee
SS A
a ee eee, See, eee)
[Becca OY
a ee eS) | |)
N02 1585.1) 9
Exhibit E
