K4
BLIGHTED PROPERTY GRANT CONTRACT
BETWEEN THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTV
AND
The Key Motel LLC
This Blighted Property Grant Contract issued and entered into pursuant to Metropolitan Code of Laws
Section 2.212.030 et. seq. and BL2013-431 by and between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville
and Davidson County ("Metro") and The Key Motel LLC (the "Recipient") for the purpose of stabilizing
the value of the neighborhood and increasing the value of the facilities being constructed or rehabilitated
on 1414 Dickerson Pike Nashville, IN 37207.
A.
A.I.
A.2.
A.3.
B.
B.I.
C.
C.1.
C.2.
C.3.
SCOPE OF PROGRAM:
The Recipient shall use the grant funds to reimburse expenditures made improving the exterior
portions of the commercial property located at 1414 Dickerson Pike Nashville, TN 37207 (the
"Project"). The grant application submitted by the Recipient and any of its amendments is
attached hereto and made a part thereof.
The grant funds shall not exceed fifty percent (50%) or fifty thousand dollars ($50,000), whichever
is less, of the documented investment of Recipient in the Project. The Recipient's investment in
the Project shall exceed one hundred thousand dollars ($10,000).
At the time the grant application is made, the value of the real property on which the Project is
located shall not exceed one million dollars ($1,000,000) according to the records of the Davidson
County Property Tax Assessor.
GRANT CONTRACT TERM:
Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant shall commence on [date signed] and end on June
30, 2019. Metro shall have no obligation for services rendered by the Recipient which are not
performed within this term.
PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
Maximum Liability. In no event shall the maximum liability of Metro under this Blighted Property
Grant Contract exceed fifty.thousand dollars ($50,000). This amount shall constitute the
maximum Grant Amount available to the Recipient by Metro. The maximum liability of Metro is
not subject to escalation for any reason. Metro's maximum liability is subject to the appropriation
of funds by the Metropolitan Council.
Payment Methodology. The Recipient shall be compensated for actual costs as evidenced 1^
expenditure receipts, not to exceed the maximum liability established in Section C.I.
All invoices shall be sent to the Director of the Mayor's Office of Economic and Community
Development. Said payment shall not exceed the'maximum liability of this Blighted Property
Grant Contract.
Final invoices for the contract period should be received by Metro Payment Services by July 15,
2019. Any invoice not received by the deadline date will not be processed and all remaining
grant funds will expire.
Annual Expenditure Report. The Recipient shall submit a final grant Annual Expenditure Report
within 45 days of the end of the Blighted Property Grant Contract. Said report shall be in form
and substance acceptable to Metro and shall be prepared by a Certified Public Accounting Firm
or the Chief Financial Officer of the Recipient.
a
m
ARCHIVE


C.4. 
Payment of Invoice. The payment of any invoice by Metro shaii not prejudice Metro's right to
object to the invoice or any matter in reiation thereto. Such payment by Metro shaii neither be
construed as acceptance of any part of the work or service provided nor as an approval of any of
the costs included therein.
C.5. 
Unaiiowabie Costs. The Recipient's invoice shaii be subject to reduction for amounts included in
any invoice or payment theretofore made which are determined by Metro, on the basis of audits
or monitoring conducted in accordance with the terms of this Blighted Property Grant Contract, to
constitute unaiiowabie costs.
0.6. 
Giawback. Payments made to Recipient shaii be subject to ciawback for amounts included in any
invoice or payment theretofore made which, after review of the Annual Expenditure Report, Metro
determines are not consistent with the terms of this grant contract or Metropolitan Code of Laws
Section 2.212.030.
D.
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDiTIONS:
D.I. 
Required Approvals. Metro is not bound by this Blighted Property Grant Contract until it is
approved by the appropriate Metro representatives as indicated on the signature page.
D.2. 
Modification and Amendment. This Blighted Property Grant Contract may be modified only by a
written amendment that has been approved in accordance with ail Metro procedures.
D.3. 
Termination for Cause. Should the Recipient fail to properly perform its obligations under this
Blighted Property Grant Contract or if the Recipient violates any terms of this Blighted Property
Grant Contract, Metro shall have the right to immediately terminate the Blighted Property Grant
Contract and the Recipient shaii not be entitled to any grant funds not actually received as of the
termination date. The Recipient shall also return to Metro any and ail funds expended for
purposes contrary to the terms of the Blighted Property Grant Contract. Such termination shall
not relieve the Recipient of any liability to Metro for damages sustained by virtue of any breach by
the Recipient.
D.4. 
Conflicts of interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount shaii be paid
directly or indirectly to an employee or official of Metro as wages, compensation, or gifts in
exchange for acting as an officer, agent, employee, subcontractor, or consultant to the Recipient
in connection with any work contemplated or performed relative to this Blighted Property Grant
Contract.
D.5. 
Nondiscrimination. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person shaii be
excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination
in the performance of this Grant Contract or in the employment practices of the Recipient on the
gToTirids of disabiiityrage, race, color, religion, sex, national.origin, or any qther clas^ication
which is in violation of appiicabie laws. The Recipient shaii, upon request, show proof of^ch "
nondiscrimination and shaii post in conspicuous places, available to all employees and
applicants, notices of nondiscrimination.
D.6. 
Records. The Recipient shaii maintain documentation for all charges to Metro under this Blighted
Property Grant Contract. The books, records, and documents of the Recipient, insofar as they
relate to work performed or money received under this Blighted Property Grant Contract, shall be
maintained for a period of three (3) full years from the date of the final payment or until the
Recipient engages a licensed independent public accountant to perform an audit of its activities.
The books, records, and documents of the Recipient insofar as they relate to work performed or
money received under this Grant Contract shaii be subject to audit at any reasonable time and
upon reasonable notice by Metro or its duly appointed representatives. Records and financial
statements shaii be maintained and prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles.
ARCHIVE


D.7. 
Monitoring. The Recipient's activities conducted and records maintained pursuant to this Biighted
Property Grant Contract shaii be subject to monitoring and evaiuation by The Metropolitan Office
of Financial Accountability or Metro's duly appointed representatives. The Recipient shaii make
ail audit, accounting, or financial records, notes, and other documents pertinent to this grant
available for review by the Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability, internal Audit or
Metro's representatives, upon request, during normal working hours.
D.8. 
Strict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist in any one or more cases upon the strict
performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement shaii not
be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of any such term, covenant, condition, or provision.
No term or condition of this Blighted Property Grant Contract shaii be held to be waived, modified,
or deleted except by a written amendment by the appropriate parties as indicated on the
signature page of this Biighted Property Grant Contract.
D.9. 
insurance. The Recipient agrees to carry adequate public liability and other appropriate forms of
insurance, and to pay all applicable taxes Incident to this Blighted Property Grant Contract.
D.10. Metro Liabiiitv. .Metro shalj have no liability except as specifically provided in this Blighted
Property Grant Contract.
D. 11. independent Contractor. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to create a
partnership or joint venture between the Recipient and Metro or to create the relationship of
principal and agent between or among the Recipient and Metro. The Recipient shall not hold
itself out in a manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph. Metro shaii not become liable for
any representation, act, or omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph.
D. 12. indemnification and Hold Harmless. 
,
(a) Recipient shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Metro, its officers, agents and
employees from any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees for injuries or damages
arising, in part or in whole, from the negligent or intentional acts or omissions of Recipient, its
officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or independent contractors, in connection
with the performance of the contract, and any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney,
fees arising from any failure of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub
or independent contractors, to observe applicable laws, including, but not limited to, labor laws
and minimum wage laws.
(b) Metro will not indemnify, defend or hold harmless in any fashion the Recipient from any
claims, regardless of any language In any attachment or other document that the Recipient may
provide.
(c) Recipient shall pay Metro any expenses incurred as a result of Recipient's failure to fulfill any
- ob!igation-in-a professionaLa.nd timely manner under this Blighted Property Grant Contract.
(d) Recipient's duties under this section shaii survive the termination or expiration of the Blighted
Property Grant Contract.
D.13. Force Maleure. The obligations of the parties to this Blighted Property Grant Contract are subject
to prevention by causes beyond the parties' control that could not be avoided by the exercise of
due care including, but not limited to, acts of God, riots, wars, strikes, epidemics or any other
similar cause.
D.14. State, Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with ail applicable federal,
state and local laws and regulations in the performance of this Biighted Property Grant Contract.
D.I 5. Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction and effect of this Biighted Property Grant
Contract and any and all extensions and/or modifications thereof shaii be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The venue for legal action
concerning this Biighted Property Grant Contract shaii be in the courts of Davidson County,
Tennessee.
ARCHIVE


D.16. Completeness. This Blighted Property Grant Contract Is complete and contains the entire
understanding between the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein, including all
the terms and conditions of the parties' agreement. This Blighted Property Grant Contract
supersedes any and all prior understandings, representations, negotiations, and agreements
between the parties relating hereto, whether written or oral.
D.17. Headings. Section headings are for-reference purposes only and shall not be construed as part
of this Blighted Property Grant Contract.
D. 18. Assignment—Consent Required. The provisions of this contract shall inure to the benefit of and
shall be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Except for
the rights of money due to Recipient under this contract, neither this contract nor any of the rights
and obligations of Recipient hereunder shall be assigned or transferred in whole or in part without
the prior written consent of Metro. Any such assignment or transfer shall not release Recipient
from its obligations hereunder. Notice of assignment of any rights to money due to Recipient
under this Contract must be sent to the attention of the Metro Department of Finance.
D.19. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or
agree to give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to
solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a gratuity or an offer of
employment In connection with any decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation,
preparations of any part of a program requirement or a purchase request, influencing the content
of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any
other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim
or controversy in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or
controversy or other particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or
subcontract or to any solicitation or proposal therefore. It shall be a breach of ethical standards
for any payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor
under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or a person associated
therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach of the provisions of
this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of ethical standards which may
result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or suspension from participation in
Metropolitan Government contracts.
D.20. Communications and Contacts. All Instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other
communications from the Recipient required or contemplated by this Blighted Property Grant
Contract shall be in writing and shall be made by facsimile transmission, or by first class mail,
addressed to the respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or address as set forth
below or to such other party, facsimile number, or address as may be hereafter specified by
written notice.
Metro; I
Mayor's Office of Economic
and Community Development
Director
PC Box 196300
Nashville, TN 37219-6300
(615) 862-6021 phone, (615) 862-6025 fax
Copy to:
Department of Law
Director
PC Box 196300
Nashville, TN 37219-6300
(615) 862-6341 phone, (615) 862-6353 fax
ARCHIVE


fl
Recipient;
Lyon Porter
Owner
The Key Motei LLC
1414 Dickerson Pike
(917) 881-6762
/>
the office of thg Metypok^lerk.
recipient
SSSSS"—
Wor of tor's oUofS.no..,,. =..j"
Community Development
approved as to availability of
FUNDS;
^cj./ 
*
Sworn to and subscribed to bef(|e 
j =
Public, thisi2Lday 
^ ; NOTARY 
C
of 
—• 
20 C 
PUBLIC
\%"r:
'</ "50N CO vx"^
Notary Public 
. ^ fll-i I 7 
\
My Commission expires—vy^
Direcfor of Finance
approved as to form and legality
Assistant Metropolitan Attorney
Metropolitan Clerk
lEC . 
7 20IJ
ti
4
ARCHIVE


W-9
Form
(Rev, December 2014)
Department of ttie Treasury
Internal Revenue Service
Request for Taxpayer
Identification Number and Certification
Give Form to the
requester. Do not
send to the IRS.
1 Name (as shown on your income tax return). Name is required on this line; do not leave this line blank.
CM
(l>
O)
(Qa
c
o
Q. ^
tl
II
.2
o
a
CO
c
0
w
2 Business name/disregarded entity name, if different from above
ID
L^LC
3 Check appropriate box for federal tax oiassifioation; check only one of the following seven boxes:
n 
Individual/sole proprietor or 
O C Corporation 
I 
I 8 Corporation 
I 
I Partnership 
I 
I Trust/estate
ilngle-member LLC
Limited iiabiiity company. Enter the tax oiassifioation (C=C corporation, 8=8 corporation, P=partnership) ► (L
Note. For a single-member LLC that is disregarded, do not oheck LLC; check the appropriate box in the line above for
the tax classification of the single-member owner.
I
 I Other (see instructions) ►
4 Exemptions (codes apply only to
certain entities, not individuals; see
instructions on page 3):
Exempt payee code (if any)
Exemption from FATCA reporting
code (if any)
(Applies to accounts m^ntaJned outside the U.S.)
5 Address (number, street, and apt. or suite no.)
IA lA 
Pi
6 Qity, state, and ZIP code
Requester's name and address (optional)
7 List account number(s) here (optional)
Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN)
Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. The TIN provided must match the name given on iine 1 to avoid
backup withholding. For individuais, this is generally your social security number (SSN). However, for a
resident alien, soie proprietor, or disregarded entity, see the Part i instructions on page 3. For other
entities, it is your employer identification number (EIN). If you do not have a number, see How to get a
TIN on page 3.
Note. If the account is in more than one name, see the instructions for iine 1 and the chart on page 4 for
guidelines on whose number to enter.
Social security number
or
Employer identification number
t
- 1 0
7 0 t
Certification
Part II
Under penalties of perjury, I certify that:
1. The number shown on this form is my correct taxpayer identification number (or I am waiting for a number to be issued to me); and
2. i am not subject to backup withholding because: (a) I am exempt from backup withhoiding, or (b) I have not been notified by the internal Revenue
Service (IRS) that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends, or (c) the iRS has notified me that I am
no longer subject to backup withholding; and
3. i am a U.S. citizen or other U.S. person (defined beiow); and
~4. The FATCA code(s) entered on this form (if any) indicating that i am exempt
Certification instructions. You must cross out item 2 above if you have been
because you have failed to report all interest and dividends on your tax return,
interest paid, acquisition or abandonment of secured property, cancellation of
generaiiy, payments other than interest and dividends, you are not required to
instructions on page 3.
from FATCA reporting is correct.
notified by the iRS that you are currentiy subject to backup withholding
For real estate transactions, item 2 does not apply. For mortgage
debt, contributions to an individual retirement arrangement (IRA), and
sign the certification, but you must provide your correct TIN. See the
Sign
Here
Signature of
U.S. person >■
Date- ftfj
General Instructions
Section references are to the internal Revenue Code unless otherwise noted.
Future developments. Information about developments affecting Form W-9 (such
as legislation enacted after we release it) is at www.irs.gov/fw9.
Purpose of Form
An individual or entity (Form W-9 requester) who is required to file an information
return with the IRS must obtain your correct taxpayer identification number (TIN)
which may be your social security number (SSN), individual taxpayer identification
number (ITIN), adoption taxpayer identification number (ATiN), or employer
identification number (EIN), to report on an information retum the amount paid to
you, or other amount reportabie on an information retum. Examples of information
returns include, but are not limited to, the following:
• Form 1099-iNT (interest earned or paid)
• Form 1099-DiV (dividends, including those from stocks or mutual funds)
• Form 1099-MISC (various types of income, prizes, awards, or gross proceeds)
• Form 1099-B (stock or mutual fund sales and certain other transactions by
brokers)
• Form 1099-8 (proceeds from real estate transactions)
• Form 1099-K (merchant card and third party network transaotions)
• Form 1098 (home mortgage interest), 1098-E (student loan interest), 1098-T
(tuition)
• Form 1099-C (canceled debt)
• Form 1099-A (acquisition or abandonment of secured property)
Use Form W-9 only if you are a U.S. person (including a resident alien), to
provide your correct TIN.
If you do not return Form W-9 to the requester with a TIN, you might be subject
to backup withholding. See What is backup withholding? on page 2.
By signing the filied-out form, you:
1. Certify that the TIN you are giving is correct (or you are waiting for a number
to be issued),
2. Certify that you are not subject to backup withhoiding, or
3. Claim exemption from backup withholding if you are a U.S. exempt payee. If
applicable, you are also certifying that as a U.S. person, your aiiocabie share of
any partnership income from a U.S. trade or business is not subject to the
withhoiding tax on foreign partners' share of effectively connected income, and
4. Certify that FATCA code(s) entered on this form (if any) indicating that you are
exempt from the FATCA reporting, is correct. See What is FATCA reporting? on
page 2 for further information.
Cat. No. 10231X
Form W-9 (Rev. 12-2014)
ARCHIVE


Form W-9 (Rev. 12-2014)
Page 2
Note. If you are a U.S. person and a requester gives you a form other than Form
W-9 to request your TIN, you must use the requester's form if it is substantially
similar to this Form W-9.
Definition of a U.S. person. For federal tax purposes, you are considered a U.S.
person if you are:
• 
An individual who is a U.S. citizen or U.S. resident alien;
• A partnership, corporation, company, or association created or organized in the
United States or under the laws of the United States;
• 
An estate (other than a foreign estate); or
• A domestic trust (as defined in Regulations section 301.7701-7).
Special rules for partnerships. Partnerships that conduct a trade or business in
the United States are generally required to pay a withholding tax under section
1446 on any foreign partners' share of effectively connected taxable income from
such business. Further, in certain cases where a Form W-9 has not been received,
the rules under section 1446 require a partnership to presume that a partner is a
foreign person, and pay the section 1446 withholding tax. Therefore, if you are a
U.S. person that is a partner in a partnership conducting a trade or business in the
United States, provide Form W-9 to the partnership to establish your U.S. status
and avoid section 1446 withholding on your share of partnership income.
In the cases below, the following person must give Form W-9 to the partnership
for purposes of establishing its U.S. status and avoiding withholding on its
allocable share of net income from the partnership conducting a trade or business
in the United States:
• 
in the case of a disregarded entity with a U.S. owner, the U.S. owner of the
disregarded entity and not the entity;
• 
In the case of a grantor trust with a U.S. grantor or other U.S. owner, generally,
the U.S. grantor or other U.S. owner of the grantor trust and not the trust; and
• 
In the case of a U.S. trust (other than a grantor trust), the U.S. trust (other than a
grantor trust) and not the beneficiaries of the trust.
Foreign person. If you are a foreign person or the U.S. branch of a foreign bank
that has elected to be treated as a U.S. person, do not use Form W-9. Instead, use
the appropriate Form W-8 or Form 8233 (see Publication 515, Withholding of Tax
on Nonresident Aliens and Foreign Entities).
Nonresident alien who becomes a resident alien. Generally, only a nonresident
alien individual may use the terms of a tax treaty to reduce or eliminate U.S. tax on
certain types of income. However, most tax treaties contain a provision known as
a "saving clause." Exceptions specified in the saving clause may permit an
exemption from tax to continue for certain types of income even after the payee
has otherwise become a U.S. resident alien for tax purposes.
If you are a U.S. resident alien who is relying on an exception contained in the
saving clause of a tax treaty to claim an exemption from U.S. tax on certain types
of income, you must attach a statement to Form W-9 that specifies the following
five items:
1. The treaty country. Generally, this must be the same treaty under which you
olaimed exemption from tax as a nonresident alien.
2. The treaty article addressing the income.
3. The article number (or location) in the tax treaty that contains the saving
clause and its exceptions.
4. The type and amount of income that qualifies for the exemption from tax.
5. Sufficient facts to justify the exemption from tax under the terms of the treaty
article.
Example. Article 20 of the U.S.-China income tax treaty allows an exemption
from tax for scholarship income received by a Chinese student temporarily present
in the United States. Under U.S. law, this student will become a resident alien for
tax purposes if his or her stay in the United States exceeds 5 calendar years.
However, paragraph 2 of the first Protocol to the U.S.-Chlna treaty (dated April 30,
1984) allows the provisions of Artiole 20 to continue to apply even after the
Chinese student becomes a resident alien of the United States. A Chinese student
who qualifies for this exception (under paragraph 2 
of the first protocol) and is
relying on this exception to claim an exemption from tax on his or her scholarship
or fellowship income would attach to Form W-9 a statement that includes the
information described above to support that exemption.
If you are a nonresident alien or a foreign entity, give the requester the
appropriate completed Form W-8 or Form 8233.
Backup Withholding
What Is backup withholding? Persons making certain payments to you must
under certain conditions withhold and pay to the IRS 28% of such payments. This
is called "backup withholding." Payments that may be subject to backup
withholding include interest, tax-exempt interest, dividends, broker and barter
exchange transactions, rents, royalties, nonemployee pay, payments made in
settlement of payment card and third party network transactions, and certain
payments from fishing boat operators. Real estate transactions are not subject to
backup withhoiding.
You will not be subject to backup withholding on payments you receive if you
give the requester your correct TIN, make the proper certifications, and report all
your taxable interest and dividends on your tax return.
Payments you receive will be subject to backup withholding If:
1. You do not furnish your TIN to the requester,
2. You do not certify your TIN when required (see the Part II Instructions on page
3 
for details).
3. The IRS tells the requester that you furnished an incorrect TIN,
4. The IRS tells you that you are subject to backup withholding because you did
not report ail your interest and dividends on your tax return (for reportable interest
and dividends only), or
5. You do not certify to the requester that you are not subject to backup
withholding under 4 above (for reportable interest and dividend accounts opened
after 1983 only).
Certain payees and payments are exempt from backup withholding. See Exempt
payee code on page 3 
and the separate Instructions for the Requester of Form
W-9 for more information.
Also see Special rules for partnerships above.
What is FATCA reporting?
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) requires a participating foreign
financial institution to report ali United States account holders that are specified
United States persons. Certain payees are exempt from FATCA reporting. See
Exemption from FATCA reporting code on page 3 and the Instructions for the
Requester of Form W-9 for more information.
Updating Your information
You must provide updated information to any person to whom you claimed to be
an exempt payee if you are no longer an exempt payee and anticipate receiving
reportable payments in the future from this person. For example, you may need to
provide updated information if you are a C corporation that elects to be an S
corporation, or if you no longer are tax exempt. In addition, you must furnish a new
Form W-9 if the name or TIN Changes for the account; for example, if the grantor
of a grantor trust dies.
Penaities
Failure to furnish TIN. If you fail to furnish your correct TIN to a requester, you are
subject to a penalty of $50 for each such failure unless your failure is due to
reasonable cause and not to willful neglect.
Civil penalty for false information with respect to withholding. If you make a
false statement with no reasonable basis that results in no backup withholding,
you are subject to a $500 penalty.
Criminal penalty for falsifying information. Willfully falsifying certifications or
affirmations may subject you to criminal penalties including fines and/or
imprisonment.
Misuse of TINS. If the requester discloses or uses TINs in violation of federal law,
the requester may be subject to civil and criminal penalties.
Specific instructions
Line 1
You must enter one of the following on this line; do not leave this line blank. The
name should match the name on your tax return.
If this Form W-9 is for a joint account, list first, and then oircle, the name of the
person or entity whose number you entered in Part I of Form W-9.
a. Individual. Generally, enter the name shown on your tax return. If you have
changed your last name without informing the Social Security Administration (SSA)
of the name change, enter your first name, the last name as shown on your social
security card, and your new last name.
Note. ITIN applicant: Enter your individual name as it was entered on your Form
W-7 application, line la. This should also be the same as the name you entered on
the Form 1040/1040/\/1040EZ you filed with your application.
b. Sole proprietor or single-member LLC. Enter your individual name as
shown on your 1040/1040A/1040EZ on line 1. You may enter your business, trade,
or "doing business as" (DBA) name on line 2.
0. Partnership, LLC that is not a single-member LLC, C Corporation, or 8
Corporation. Enter the entity's name as shown on the entity's tax return on line 1
and any business, trade, or DBA name on line 2.
d. Other entities. Enter your name as shown on required U.S. federal tax
documents on line 1. This name should match the name shown on the charter or
other legal document creating the entity. You may enter any business, trade, or
DBA name on line 2.
e. Disregarded entity. For U.S. federal tax purposes, an entity that is
disregarded as an entity separate from its owner is treated as a "disregarded
entity." See Regulations section 301.7701 -2(c)(2)(iii). Enter the owner's name on
line 1. The name of the entity entered on line 1 should never be a disregarded
entity. The name on line 1 should be the name shown on the income tax return on
which the income should be reported. For example, if a foreign LLC that is treated
as a disregarded entity for U.S. federal tax purposes has a single owner that is a
U.S. person, the U.S. owner's name is required to be provided on line 1. If the
direct owner of the entity is also a disregarded entity, enter the first owner that is
not disregarded for federal tax purposes. Enter the disregarded entity's name on
line 2, "Business name/disregarded entity name." If the owner of the disregarded
entity is a foreign person, the owner must complete an appropriate Form W-8
instead of a Form W-9. This is the case even if the foreign person has a U.S. TIN.
ARCHIVE


Form W-9 (Rev. 12-2014)
Page 3
Line 2
If you have a business name, trade name, DBA name, or disregarded entity name,
you may enter It on line 2.
Lines
Check the appropriate box In line 3 
for the U.S. federal tax classification of the
person whose name Is entered on line 1. Check only one box In line 3.
Limited Liability Company (LLC). If the name on line 1 is an LLC treated as a
partnership for U.S. federal tax purposes, check the "Limited Liability Company"
box and enter "P" In the space provided. If the LLC has filed Form 8832 or 2553 to
be taxed as a corporation, check the "Limited Liability Company" box and In the
space provided enter "C" for C corporation or "S" for S corporation. If It Is a
single-member LLC that Is a disregarded entity, do not check the "Limited Liability
Ccmpany" box; Instead check the first box In line 3 
"Individual/sole proprietor or
single-member LLC."
Line 4, Exemptions
If you are exempt from backup withholding and/or FATCA reporting, enter in the
appropriate space in line 4 any code(s) that may apply to you.
Exempt payee code.
• Generally, Individuals (including sole proprietors) are not exempt from backup
withholding.
• Except as provided below, corporations are exempt from backup withholding
for certain payments. Including Interest and dividends.
• Corporations are not exempt from backup withholding for payments made In
settlement of payment card or third party network transactions.
• Corporations are not exempt from backup withholding with respect to attorneys'
fees or gross proceeds paid to attorneys, and corporations that provide medical or
health care senrlces are not exempt with respect to payments reportable on Form
1099-IVIISC.
The following codes Identify payees that are exempt from backup withholding.
Enter the appropriate code In the space In line 4.
I —An organization exempt from tax under section 501 (a), any IRA, or a
custodial account under section 403(b)(7) If the account satisfies the requirements
of section 401 (f)(2)
2—The United States or any of Its agencies or Instrumentalities
3—A state, the District of Columbia, a U.S. commonwealth or possession, or
any of their political subdivisions or instrumentalities
4—A foreign government or any of Its political subdivisions, agencies, or
Instrumentalities
5—A corporation
6—A dealer In securities or commodities required to register in the United
States, the District of Columbia, or a U.S. commonwealth or possession
7—A futures commission merchant registered with the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission
8—A real estate investment trust
9—An entity registered at all times during the tax year under the Investment
Company Act of 1940
10—A common trust fund operated by a bank under section 584(a)
II —A 
financial Institution
12—A middleman known In the Investment community as a nominee or
custodian
13—A trust exempt from tax under section 664 or described In section 4947
The following chart shows types of payments that may be exempt from backup
withholding. The chart applies to the exempt payees listed above, 1 through 13.
IF the payment is for...
THEN the payment is exempt for...
Interest and dividend payments
All exempt payees except
for 7
Broker transactions
Exempt payees 1 through 4 and 6
through 11 and all 0 
corporations. S
corporations must not enter an exempt
payee code because they are exempt
only for sales of noncovered securities
acquired prior to 2012.
Barter exchange transactions and
patronage dividends
Exempt payees 1 through 4
Payments over $600 required to be
reported and direct sales over $5,000^
Generally, exempt payees
1 through 5^
Payments made In settlement of
payment card or third party network
transactions
Exempt payees 1 through 4
' 
See Form 1099-MISC, Miscellaneous Income, and Its instructions.
However, the following payments made to a corporation and reportable on Form
1099-MISC are not exempt from backup withholding: medical and health care
payments, attorneys' fees, gross proceeds paid to an attorney reportable under
section 6045(f), and payments for sen/Ices paid by a federal executive agency.
Exemption from FATCA reporting code. The following codes Identify payees
that are exempt from reporting under FATCA. These codes apply to persons
submitting this form for accounts maintained outside of the United States by
certain foreign financial Institutions. Therefore, if you are only submitting this form
for an account you hold In the United States, you may leave this field blank.
Consult with the person requesting this form If you are uncertain If the financial
Institution Is subject to these requirements. A requester may Indicate that a code Is
not required by providing you with a Form W-9 with "Not Applicable" (or any
similar Indication) written or printed on the line for a FATCA exemption code.
A—An organization exempt from tax under section 501 (a) or any Individual
retirement plan as defined In section 7701 (a)(37)
B—The United States or any of Its agencies or instrumentalities
C—A state, the District of Columbia, a U.S. commonwealth or possession, or
any of their political subdivisions or Instrumentalities
D—A corporation the stock of which is regularly traded on one or more
established securities markets, as described In Regulations section
1.1472-1(c)(1)(l)
E—A corporation that Is a member of the same expanded affiliated group as a
corporation described in Regulations section 1.1472-1 (c)(1)(l)
F—A dealer In securities, commodities, or derivative financial Instruments
(Including notional principal contracts, futures, forwards, and options) that Is
registered as such under the laws of the United States or any state
G—A 
real estate investment trust
H—A regulated Investment company as defined In section 851 or an entity
registered at all times during the tax year under the Investment Company Act of
1940
I—A common trust fund as defined In section 584(a)
J—A bank as defined In section 581
K—A broker
L—A trust exempt from tax under section 664 or described in section 4947(a)(1)
M—A tax exempt trust under a section 403(b) plan or section 457(g) plan
Note. You may wish to consult with the financial Institution requesting this form to
determine whether the FATCA code and/or exempt payee code should be
completed.
Lines
Enter your address (number, street, and apartment or suite number). This is where
the requester of this Form W-9 will mall your information returns.
Lines
Enter your city, state, and ZIP code.
Part I. Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN)
Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. If you are a resident alien and you do not
have and are not eligible to get an SSN, your TIN Is your IRS Individual taxpayer
Identification number (ITIN). Enter It In the social security number box. If you do not
have an ITIN, see How to get a TIN below.
If you are a sole proprietor and you have an EIN, you may enter either your SSN
or EIN. However, the IRS prefers that you use your SSN.
If you are a single-member LLC that Is disregarded as an entity separate from Its
owner (see Limited Liability Company (LLC) on this page), enter the owner's SSN
(or EIN, If the owner has one). Do not enter the disregarded entity's EIN. If the LLC
Is classified as a corporation or partnership, enter the entity's EIN.
Note. See the chart on page 4 for further clarification of name and TIN
combinations.
How to get a TIN. If you do not have a TIN, apply for one Immediately. To apply
for an SSN, get Form SS-5, Application for a Social Security Card, from your local
SSA office or get this form online at www.ssa.gov. You may also get this form by
calling 1-800-772-1213. Use Form W-7, Application for IRS Individual Taxpayer
Identification Number, to apply for an ITIN, or Form SS-4, Application for Employer
Identification Number, to apply for an EIN. You can apply for an EIN online by
accessing the IRS website at www.irs.gov/businesses and clicking on Employer
Identification Number (EIN) under Starting a Business. You can get Forms W-7 and
SS-4 from the IRS by visiting IRS.gov or by calling 1-800-TAX-FORM
(1-800-829-3676).
If you are asked to complete Form W-9 but do not have a TIN, apply for a TIN
and write "Applied For" In the space for the TIN, sign and date the form, and give It
to the requester. For Interest and dividend payments, and certain payments made .
with respect to readily tradable Instruments, generally you will have 60 days to get
a TIN and give It to the requester before you are subject to backup withholding on
payments. The 60-day rule does not apply to other types of payments. You will be
subject to backup withholding on all such payments until you provide your TIN to
the requester.
Note. Entering "Applied For" means that you have already applied for a TIN or that
you Intend to apply for one soon.
Caution: A disregarded U.S. entity that has a foreign owner must use the
appropriate Form W-8.
ARCHIVE


Form W-9 (Rev. 12-2014)
Page 4
Part II. Certification
To establish to the withholding agent that you are a U.S. person, or resident alien,
sign Form W-9. You may be requested to sign by the withhoiding agent even if
items 1, 4, or 5 below indicate otherwise.
For a joint account, only the person whose TIN is shown in Part i should sign
(when required), in the case of a disregarded entity, the person identified on line 1
must sign. Exempt payees, see Exempt payee code earlier.
Signature requirements. Complete the certification as indicated in items 1
through 5 below.
1. Interest, dividend, and barter exchange accounts opened before 1984
and broker accounts considered active during 1983. You must give your
correct TIN, but you do not have to sign the certification.
2. Interest, dividend, broker, and barter exchange accounts opened after
1983 and broker accounts considered inactive during 1983. You must sign the
certification or backup withhoiding will apply, if you are subject to backup
withhciding and you are merely providing your correct TIN to the requester, you
must cross out item 2 
in the certification before signing the form.
3. Real estate transactions. You must sign the certification. You may cross out
item 2 
of the certification.
4. Other payments. You must give your correct TIN, but you do not have to sign
the certification unless you have been notified that you have previously given an
incorrect TIN. "Other payments" include payments made in the course of the
requester's trade or business for rents, royalties, goods (other than bills for
merchandise), medical and health care services Onciuding payments to
corporations), payments to a nonempioyee for services, payments made in
settlement of payment card and third party network transactions, payments to
certain fishing boat crew members and fishermen, and gross proceeds paid to
attorneys (including payments to corporations).
5. Mortgage interest paid by you, acquisition or abandonment of secured
property, canceilation of debt, qualified tuition program payments (under
section 529), IRA, Coverdell ESA, Archer MSA or HSA contributions or
distributions, and pension distributions. You must give your correct TIN, but you
do not have to sign the certification.
What Name and Number To Give the Requester
For this type of account:
Give name and SSN of:
1. individual
The individuai
2. Two or more individuals (joint
The actual owner of the account or.
account)
if combined funds, the first
individuai on the account'
3. Custodian account of a minor
The minor"
(Uniform Gift to Minors Act)
4. a. The usual revocable savings
The grantor-trustee'
trust (grantor is also trustee)
b. So-caiied trust account that is
The actual owner'
not a legal or valid trust under
state law
5. Sole proprietorship or disregarded
The owner'
entity owned by an individual
6. Grantor trust filing under Optional
The grantor'
Form 1099 Filing Method 1 (see
Regulations section 1.671-4(b)(2)(i)
(A))
For this type of account:
Give name and EIN of:
7. Disregarded entity not owned by an
The owner
individual
8. A valid trust, estate, or pension trust
Legal entity*
9. Corporation or LLC electing
The corporation
corporate status on Form 8832 or
Form 2553
10. Association, ciub, religious.
The organization
charitable, educational, or other tax-
exempt organization
11. Partnership or muiti-member LLC
The partnership
12. A broker or registered nominee
The broker or nominee
13. Account with the Department of
The public entity
Agriculture in the name of a public
entity (such as a state or local
government, school district, or
prison) that receives agricultural
program payments
14. Grantor trust filing under the Form
The trust
1041 Filing Method or the Optional
Form 1099 Filing Method 2 
(see
Regulations section 1.671 -4(b)(2)(i)
(B))
You must show your individual name and you may also enter your business or DBA name on
the "Business name/disregarded entity" name line. You may use either your SSN or EIN (if you
have one), but the IRS encourages you to use your SSN.
• 
List first and circle the name of the trust, estate, or pension trust. (Do not furnish the TIN of the
personal representative or trustee unless the legal entity Itself Is not designated in the account
title.) Also see Special rules for partnerships on page 2.
"Note. Grantor also must provide a Form W-9 to trustee of trust.
Note. If no name is circled when more than one name is listed, the number will be
considered to be that of the first name listed.
Secure Your Tax Records from Identity Theft
identity theft occurs when someone uses your personal information such as your
name, SSN, or other identifying information, without your permission, to commit
fraud or other crimes. An identity thief may use your SSN to get a job or may file a
tax retum using your SSN to receive a refund.
To reduce your risk:
• 
Protect your SSN,
• 
Ensure your employer is protecting your SSN, and
• Be careful when choosing a tax preparer.
if your tax records are affected by identity theft and you receive a notice from
the IRS, respond right away to the name and phone number printed on the IRS
notice or letter.
if your tax records are not currently affected by identity theft but you think you
are at risk due to a lost or stolen purse or wallet, questionable credit card activity
or credit report, contact the IRS identity Theft Fiotiine at 1 -800-908-4490 or submit
Form 14039.
For more information, see Publication 4535, identity Theft Prevention and Victim
Assistance.
Victims of identity theft who are experiencing economic harm or a system
problem, or are seeking help in resolving tax problems that have not been resolved
through normal channels, may be eligible for Taxpayer Advocate Sen/ice (TAS)
assistance. You can reach TAS by calling the TAS toll-free case intake line at
1-877-777-4778 orTTY/TDD 1-800-829-4059.
Protect yourself from suspicious emails or phishing schemes. Phishing is the
creation and use of email and websites designed to mimic legitimate business
emails and websites. The most common act is sending an email to a user falsely
claiming to be an established legitimate enterprise in an attempt to scam the user
into surrendering private information that will be used for identity theft.
The IRS does not initiate contacts with taxpayers via emails. Also, the IRS does
not request personal detailed information through email or ask taxpayers for the
PIN numbers, passwords, or similar secret access information for their credit card,
bank, or other financial accounts.
if you receive an unsolicited email claiming to be from the IRS, forward this
message to phishing@irs.gov. You may also report misuse of the IRS name, logo,
or other IRS property to the Treasury inspector General for Tax Administration
(TIGTA) at 1 -800-366-4484. You can forward suspicious emails to the Federal
Trade Commission at: spam@uce.gov or contact them at www.ftc.gov/idtheft or
1-877-iDTHEFT (1-877-438-4338).
Visit iRS.gov to iearn more about identity theft and how to reduce your risk.
Privacy Act Notice
Section 6109 of the internal Revenue Code requires you to provide your correct
TIN to persons (including federal agencies) who are required to file information
returns with the IRS to report interest, dividends, or certain other income paid to
you; mortgage interest you paid; the acquisition or abandonment of secured
property; the cancellation of debt; or contributions you made to an IRA, Archer
MSA, or HSA. The person collecting this form uses the information on the form to
file information returns with the IRS, reporting the above information. Routine uses
of this information include giving it to the Department of Justice for civil and
criminal litigation and to cities, states, the District of Columbia, and U.S.
commonwealths and possessions for use in administering their laws. The
information also may be disclosed to other countries under a treaty, to federal and
state agencies to enforce civil and criminal laws, or to federal law enforcement and
intelligence agencies to combat terrorism. You must provide your TIN whether or
not you are required to file a tax return. Under section 3406, payers must generally
withhold a percentage of taxable interest, dividend, and certain other payments to
a payee who does not give a TIN to the payer. Certain penalties may also apply for
providing false or fraudulent information.
List first and circle the name of the person whose number you furnish, if only one person on e
joint account has an SSN, that person's number must be furnished.
^Circle the minor's name and furnish the minor's SSN.
ARCHIVE


mmm% 
wmmmmmm
I
 . ' 
.•< f/1...
"mrns, 
mmmjm 
f mmi
w^msm tMmjum. rmmmm m
wm&mmwmmt 
wmmmk 
mmmmm
mm
mm. '^hdi^ k-^U W 
of'-Ll UL 
0
mm$m / 414- 
71"
mi 
zfm%. 'TAv
NiONlliZ *■ 
^ 
FM
CSIfW Pgy^iWSOh
'i ^ 
-•^ ! 
^ y. ..^. 
^ j/ib/..//. •X6'i6./.'///i///i. 
./.../.y^. St
fT««*«S8*
TWJg ^ IMMfSi 
m&-aAm'£fS to ® i
i~i ti -
*»hf,
ir«iR8?
'mmmrnrni*
#s»<aEss
iyp'Ri^iSfs s®mniie
K®: 
//O ^ ii^o\%>
ARCHIVE
