Posty f Mey ~
‘ f os ‘
L
A~Fo- jay
AIRFIELD OPERATING AGREEMENT
a BETWEEN THE
METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE AIRPORT AUTHORITY
AND
FEDERAL EXPRESS CORPORATION
‘
ARCHIVE


. CONTENTS.
SECTION . : PAGE NO,

1 TERM 3

2 LANDING FEES AND CHARGES 4

3 PRIVILEGES AND OBLIGATIONS OF OPERATOR 6

4 COMPLIANCE 8

5 INDEMNIFICATION 8

6 INSURANCE 9

7 ASSIGNMENT "

8 TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT 11

9 REIMBURSEMENT TO THE AUTHORITY - 11

10 SECURITY 12
ai ATTORNEY'S FEES 13

12 AMENDMENT : 13

13 RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES 13
14 APPROVALS BY 14

15 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION 14

16 TAXES 14

17 GENERAL PROVISIONS 14

18 ENTIRE AGREEMENT 18

2 .
ARCHIVE


_ rs o
: . AIRFIELD OPERATING AGREEMENT
: THIS AGREEMENT, made and entered into this S2aay of Sanus .
/ 1990, effective as of __. s,s «19 ~ __, DY and between the
METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE AIRPORT AUTHORITY, created pursuant to Tennessee
Code Annotated Sections 42-4-101, et seq., hereinafter referred to as
"Authority", and _FEDERAL EXPRESS CORPORATION
a corporation authorized to do business in the State of Tennessee,
hereinafter referred to as "Operator".
WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, Authority is the owner and operator of the Nashville
International Airport hereinafter referred to as the "Airport"; and,

WHEREAS, Operator is engaged in the air transportation business
with respect to persons, property, and/or mail and desires to extend its
principal business operations so as to include performing said’ service
to and from Airport, located in Nashville, Tennessee.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, terms,
conditions, privileges, obligations and agreements herein contained,
Authority and Operator hereby mutually undertake, promise and agree,
each for itself, and its successors and assigns, as follows:

. 1 TERM
1-1 The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of one (1) year
commencing on the execution of this Agreement and shall thereafter be
automatically renewed on a year-to-year basis, unless a ninety (90) day
advance notice of termination is given in writing by either party, at
any time for any reason. This Agreement shall be construed asa -
continuing agreement and, unless terminated in the manner described
herein, shall not terminate solely because Operator fails to operate any
flight to the Airport during any particular month.
3 :
. ARCHIVE


: ee - . . c-
. i
2 LANDING FEES AND CHARGES
2-1 The term "Approved Maximum Gross Landing Weight" for any aircraft,
: as used herein, shall be the maximum landing weight approved by the
Federal Aviation Administration, or its successors, for landing such
aircraft at Airport.
, 2-2 ‘tne term "Revenue Landing" shall mean an aircraft landing at
Airport relating to a flight from which revenues are derived for the air
transportation of passengers, property and/or mail, but shall not
include any landing of an aircraft which, after having taken off from
Airport, and without making a landing at any other airport, shall return
‘to land at Airport because of meteorological conditions, mechanical or
operating causes, or any other reason of emergency or precaution.
2-3 The term "Landed Weight" shall. mean the sum, with respect to any
period of time and all Revenue Landings during such period, of the
Approved Maximum Gross Landing Weights of all aircraft completing any
such Revenue Landings.
2-4 Operator shall pay to Authority, as compensation for the operating
“ rights and use of the facilities of Airport, and as consideration for
execution of this Agreement by Authority, a minimum annual fee of One
Thousand Two Hundred and 00/100 ($1,200.00) Dollars, payable in equal
monthly installments of One Hundred and 00/100 ($100.00) Dollars, or
landing fee charges in accordance with rates set from time to time by
. Authority, whichever is greater per month. Landing fees charges shall
be computed on a monthly basis by multiplying the total number of 1,000
, pound units of Operator’s Landed Weight during any month by the current
landing fee rate. |
2-5 In the event Operator utilizes Passenger Terminal Facilities, |
Operator shall pay its pro rata share of costs associated with Federal
Aviation Regulations Part 108 compliance and joint use baggage claim |
area, as determined by Authority. :
. :
; )
ARCH
IVE:


One - mo c |

2-6 Operator shall, on or before the tenth (10th) day of each month,
without demand therefor, furnish Authority a report of the total number

, of aircraft landings, showing the make and type aircraft and Approved
Maximum Gross Landing Weight of each aircraft making a landing at
Airport during the preceding calendar month, accompanied by a full
payment of the landing fees and user charges due Authority for the
preceding month. In no event shall the monthly landing fee be less than
One Hundred and 00/100 ($100.00) Dollars. Operator agrees to submit :
additional monthly activity reports as may be requested by Authority,
including, but not limited to, reports detailing number of passengers
enplaned and deplaned, cargo, freight and mail carried.
2-7 Operator shall at all times maintain and keep permanent books, logs,
ledgers, or other records wherein are accurately kept all entries
reflecting the total number of actual landings made at the Airport,
showing the make and type aircraft and Approved Maximum Gross Landing
Weight of each aircraft making a revenue landing at Airport. Such
books, logs, ledgers, and records shall be made available at Airport for
examination by Authority or its duly authorized representative(s) upon
reasonable advance notice to Operator.
2-8 Operator hereby deposits with Authority the sum of _$300,00  . °*
($) Dollars as security for the full, faithful and prompt performance of
and compliance with, on the part of Operator, all the conditions of this
Agreement and all the covenants, terms and conditions of any provision

. hereinafter entered into. The said cash shall remain on deposit with
Authority throughout the term of this Agreement. In addition to any and
all other remedies available to it under any agreement or otherwise,
Authority shall have the right, at its sole option and at any time, to
use the deposit or any part thereof in whole or partial satisfaction of
any of its claims or demands against Operator and for the payment of
reasonable attorney’s fees and other costs for the enforcement of any of
its claims or demands against Operator. There shall be no obligation of
Authority to exercise such right, and neither the existence of such
right nor the holding of the deposit itself shall cure any default or
. 5 |
ARCHIVE


sae Oo . . a
breach on the part of Operator. In the event that Authority shall at

, any time or times so use the deposit or a part thereof, Operator shall,

: on demand of Authority and within two (2) days thereafter, deposit with
Authority additional cash so as to maintain the deposit at all times at
the full amount stated above; all such additional deposits shall be
subject to all the conditions of this Agreement. Within thirty (30)

'- * days’ after the expiration of this Agreement and upon written request
therefor by Operator, Authority will return the deposit to Operator,
. less the amount of any and all unpaid claims and damages of the
Authority under this Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement
Authority may, at its option, retain the deposit until the expiration of ,
this Agreement (or until the final date of any extended term, as the .
case may be) and shall thereafter, upon demand of Operator within the |
time and in the manner provided above, return the same to Operator less
the amount of any and all unpaid claims and damages, including but not
limited to estimated damages of Authority during the term of this
Agreement or any extension or renewal hereof. Operator agrees that it
will not assign, mortgage or encumber the deposit. Operator hereby
waives any rights to any interest which may be earned or accrued on its
deposit during the term of this Agreement or any extension or renewal
. hereof.
2-9 Without waiving any of its rights hereunder, Authority may charge
Operator a carrying charge at the maximum rate allowable by law per
annum on all delinquent accounts.
3 PRIVILEGES AND OBLIGATIONS OF OPERATOR
3-1 Operator is permitted to use, in common with others authorized to do
so, the runways, taxiways, navigation aids and other common use landing
field facilities at Airport for its aircraft landings and take-offs
required in connection with operating its air transportation business to
and from said Airport; subject, however, to strict compliance by
Operator with the provisions, conditions and requirements hereinafter
set forth. ,
6 .
4 ARCHIVE


‘ an aa . . c ,
; 3-2 For the parking of its aircraft and the on and off loading of its
passengers, property and/or mail, Operator shall use such areas on
. Airport which are suitable for said operations and which have been so
designated by Authority’s President or his authorized representative for
such use. The use of such loading and unloading areas shall be subject
to such specific changes as the President or his duly authorized
representative may require as the exigencies of the immediate situation
May dictate for the safe and proper handling of aircraft and other
vehicular traffic on the apron areas.
3-3 Operator shall procure all aviation fuel and lubricants that are
delivered to its aircraft at Airport only from concessionaires
authorized to transact such business at Airport, or from a scheduled air
carrier providing refueling service at Airport. /
3-4 Operator shall not do or perform any repair or maintenance work upon
its aircraft while parked upon Airport aprons other than customary
fueling and servicing of aircraft preparatory to loading and take-off or
immediately following landing and unloading. All repair, maintenance
and overhaul work shall only be performed by..Operator.,..after receipt of
written approval from Authority, in such areas on Airport which are
suitable for said repair, maintenance, or overhaul work and which have
been so designated by Authority’s President or his authorized
representative for such use.
|
. 3-5 Operator has the rights of ingress and egress over Airport roadways,
subject to any rules and regulations which may have been established or
shall be established in the future by Authority, The Metropolitan |
Government of Nashville and Davidson County, or the State of Tennessee. ;
Such right of ingress and egress shall apply to Operator’s employees, |
guests, patrons, invitees, suppliers, and other authorized individuals. |
|
3-6 Operator, and Operator’s employees shall conduct their operations in
an orderly and proper manner so as not to annoy, disturb or be offensive |
to customers, patrons, or other tenants at Airport. |
i
7 | |
|
ARCHIVE;


: ve (OY . ; c
3-7 Operator shall not erect any signs, distribute any advertising
material, post any notices, or conduct any soliciting within the

Passenger Terminal Building or on Airport property without first having
the express written permission of Authority’s President or his |
authorized representative, which approval may be denied for any reason.
3-8 Operator shall use Airport premises and improvements thereon during
the term of this Agreement, or any renewal thereof, for its lawful
business purposes as provided in this Agreement and will not make,
suffer or permit any unlawful use or occupancy of said Airport premises
or improvements thereon. / ,
4 COMPLIANCE ,
4-1 Operator, its officers, agents, servants, employees, contractor,
licensees and any other person whom Operator controls or has the right
to control shall comply with all present and future laws, ordinances,
orders, directives, rules, and regulations of the United States of
America, the State of Tennessee, The Metropolitan Government of
Nashville and Davidson County and their respective agencies,
departments, authorities or commissions which may either @irectly or
indirectly affect Operator or its operations on or in connection with
Airport.
4-2 This Agreement is governed by the laws of Tennessee. Any disputes

: relating to this Agreement must be resolved in accordance with the laws
of Tennessee.
5 INDEMNIFICATION
5-1 Operator shall protect, defend, indemnify and hold Authority and its
Board of Commissioners, officers, and employees completely harmless from ;
and against any and all liabilities, demands, suits, claims, losses,
fines, or judgments arising by reason of the injury or death of any
person or damage to any property, including all reasonable costs for
investigation and defense thereof (including but not limited to attorney

8
ARCHIVE


. Le ji . .

. fees, court costs, and expert fees), of any nature whatsoever arising
out of or incident to this Agreement or Operator’s use or occupancy of

Airport or the acts or omissions of Operator’s officers, employees,
agents, contractors, subcontractors, licensees or invitees regardless of
where the injury, death or damage may occur; unless such injury, death

lee damage is caused by the eebe-negligence of Authority. Authority Wi,

shall give reasonable notice of any such claims or actions. Operator, Yn
in carrying out its obligation hereunder, shall use counsel] reasonably |
acceptable to Authority. The provisions of this section shall survive
the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.
6 INSURANCE
6-1 Operator agrees to maintain comprehensive public liability and .
property damage insurance in an amount of not less than Five Million
Dollars ($5,000,000) combined single limit during the term of this
Agreement and any renewals thereof. Such insurance policies must name
Authority, its Board of Commissioners, its officers, and its employees
as additional insured to the full extent of Operator insurance coverage,
but in no event less than the required minimum coverage limit amount.
6-2 Operator agrees to maintain contractual liability insurance to
insure Operator’s obligation to indemnify and hold Authority, its Board
of Commissioners, its officers, and its employees harmless in accordance
with the indemnification provisions of this Agreement.

. 6-3 Operator agrees that all insurance policies shall contain a
severability of interest or cross-liability provision endorsement which
shall read generally as follows:

In the event of one of the assureds’ incurring liability
to any other of the assureds, this policy shall cover
the assured against whom claim is or may be made in the
same manner as if separate policies had been issued to
each assured. Nothing contained herein shall operate to
increase the limits of liability.

9 .

. ARCHIVE


6-4 Operator agrees that all insurance policies shall provide that they
; will not be altered or cancelled without thirty (30) days advance
written notice to Authority. Such insurance shall provide that it will
be considered primary insurance with respect to any other valid and
collectible insurance, or self-insured retention, or deductible
-~ +" Authority may possess. Any other insurance or self-insured retention by
or on behalf of Authority shall be considered excess insurance only.
6-5 Authority shall have the right to change the insurance coverage and
the insurance limits required of Operator if such changes are
recommended or imposed by Authority’s insurors.
6-6 Operator shall obtain all insurance required from an insurance
company or companies licensed to do business in the State of Tennessee.
The insurance company must be acceptable to Authority. Approval may
be denied a company based on its Best rating or other indication of
financial inadequacy. ;
6-7 Operator shall provide to Authority such evidence of compliance with
Authority’s insurance requirements as Authority may from time to time
request. At a minimun, Operator shall provide, at the commencement of
the Agreement, a Certificate of Insurance. All such certificates shall
be completed to show compliance with Operator’s obligations hereunder,
specifically as to the indemnification and notice provisions. Authority
. may also require copies of the declaration page, insurance policy, and
endorsements thereto.
6-8 If Operator or its insurance company fails to promptly respond to
Authority’s request for adequate evidence of compliance with the
insurance provisions, Authority may, in addition to all its other
remedies, charge Operator an additional fee in an amount equal to ten
percent (10%) of the fees required hereunder until such evidence is
provided. ‘
10
ARCHIVE


. we c . .
; ' 6-9 If Operator shall at any time fail to insure or keep insured as
aforesaid, Authority may do all things necessary to effect or maintain
‘ such insurance and all monies expended by it for that purpose shall be
repayable by Operator as additional rental in the month the premium or
premiums are paid by Authority. If any insurance policies required
hereunder cannot be obtained for any reason, Authority may require
Operator to'cease- any and all operations until coverage is obtained. If
such insurance coverage is not obtained within a reasonable period of
time, to be determined solely by Authority, Authority may terminate this
Agreement. . .
7 ASSIGNMENT
7-1 Neither Operator nor any assignee or other successor of Operator,
shall in any manner, directly or indirectly, by operation of law or
otherwise, assign, transfer or encumber this Agreement or any interest .
contained herein, nor license nor permit the use of the rights herein
granted, in whole or in part, without the prior written approval of
Authority, which approval may be denied for any reason.
8 TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT ee ee ee
8-1 Authority may cancel this Agreement, without notice or demand and
without forfeiture, waiver or release of Authority’s rights to any sum
due or to become due under the provisions of this Agreement, upon
default of Operator in the payment of the fees or upon violation of any
of the other provisions of this Agreement, and the failure of Operator
. to remedy such default within ten (10) days after written notice to
correct such default is served on Operator. If legal action is
necessary to enforce the terms of this Agreement, then Operator shall
pay all of Authority’s costs incurred in taking such action, including
reasonable attorney’s fees. Authority may impose a carrying charge at |
the maximum allowable rate by law per annum on all delinquent payments, |
without waiving its right to subsequent cancellation of this Agreement. |
9 REIMBURSEMENT TO THE AUTHORITY ‘
9-1 If Authority has paid any sum or sums or has incurred any ,
| 2
11 |
ARCHIVE


ee C ; . i
; obligations or expenses for which Operator has agreed to pay or
reimburse Authority, or if Authority is required or elects to pay any
, sum or sums or incurs any obligations or expenses by reason of the
' failure, neglect or refusal of Operator to perform or fulfill any one or
more of the conditions, covenants or agreements contained in this
Agreement, or as a result of any act or omission of Operator contrary to
the said conditions, covenants-and agreements, Operator agrees to pay
the sum or sums so paid or the expense so incurred, including all
interest costs, damages and penalties, and the same may be added to any
installment of fees thereafter due herein,.and each and every part of
the same shall be and become additional fees, recoverable by Authority
in the same manner and with like remedies as if it were originally a
part of the basic fees.
9-2 For all purposes under this section and in any suit, action or
proceeding of any kind between the parties hereto, any receipt showing
payment of any sum or sums by Authority for any work done or material
furnished shall be binding and conclusive evidence against Operator that
the amount of such payment was necessary and reasonable. Should
Authority elect to use its own operating and maintenance staff in making
any repairs, replacements, and/or alterations and to charge Operator
with the cost of same, any time sheet of any employee of Authority
showing hours of labor or work allocated to any such repair, replacement
and/or alteration, or any stock requisition of Authority showing the
issuance of materials for use in the performance thereof, shall likewise
_ be binding and conclusive evidence against Operator that the amount of
such charge was necessary and reasonable.
10 SECURITY
10-1 Operator agrees to observe all security requirements of Federal
Aviation Regulations Part 107, and the Airport Security Program, as they ~
may be amended hereafter, applicable parts of which will be furnished to
Operator, as approved by the Federal Aviation Administration, and to
take such steps as may be necessary or directed by Authority to insure
that sublessees, employees, invitees, and guests observe these
12
ARCHIVE


. ae c . . t
. requirements.
; 10-2 If Authority incurs any fines and/or penalties imposed by the

Federal Aviation Administration or any expense in enforcing the
regulations of Federal Aviation Regulations Part 107 and/or the Airport
Security Program, as a result of the acts or omissions of Operator,
Operator agrees to pay and/or reimburse 2ll such fines,.costs, and
expenses. Operator further agrees to rectify any security deficiency as
may be determined as such by Authority or the Federal Aviation
Administration. Authority reserves the right to take whatever action
necessary to rectify any security deficiency, in the event Operator
fails to remedy the security deficiency.
11 ATTORNEY’S FEES
11-1 In case Authority brings any action under this Agreement, and
prevails in said action, then Authority shall be entitled to recover
from Operator its reasonable fees incurred as a result of said action.
such fees shall include, but not be limited to, expert witness fees,
court reporter fees, court costs, and attorney fees.
12 AMENDMENT
12-1 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the
parties. No amendment, modification, or alteration of the terms of this
Agreement shall be binding unless the same be in writing, dated
subsequent to the date hereof and duly executed by the parties hereto. :
13. RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES _ ,
13-1 Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or construed by the s
parties hereto, or by any third party, as creating the relationship of
principal and agent, partners, joint venturers, or any other similar ar
such relationship, between the parties hereto. The parties shall t
understand and agree that neither the method of computation of fees, nor .,.
any other provision contained herein, nor any acts of the parties hereto
creates a relationship other than the relationship of Authority and ate

. Operator. nie

13
ARCHIVE


. oo, : val . . c :
14 APPROVALS BY ;
, 14-1 Whenever this Agreement calls for approval by Authority, such
approval shall be evidenced by the written approval of the President of
the Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority or his designee.
15 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION .
15-1 Operator agrees, at its sole cost and expense, to comply with all
laws, and to obey all rules, regulations, or administrative orders of
agencies of. The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson
County, the State of Tennessee, The United States, and Authority as
these laws, rules, regulations and administrative orders may now exist
and as they may be hereafter adopted, relating to protection of the
environment.
16 TAXES
16-1 Operator shall pay on or before their respective due dates, to the
appropriate collecting authority, all federal, state and local taxes and
.fees, which are now or may hereafter be levied upon Operator, or upon
the business conducted on Airport or upon any of Operator’s property
used in connection therewith; and shall maintain in current status all
federal, state, and local licenses and permits required for the
operation of the business conducted by Operator.
16-2 Operator has the right to legally protest to any proper taxing
. authority, at its own expense, by whatever legal means, any tax, levy,
assessment or other governmental or similar tharge it deems
inappropriate or unlawful.
16-3 Operator covenants to furnish to Authority, promptly upon request,
proof of the payment of any tax, assessment, and other governmental or
similar charge, which is payable by Operator as provided herein.
17 GENERAL PROVISIONS
17~1 Nondiscrimination - Operator assures that it will undertake an
14
ARCHIVE


. affirmative action program as required by 14 CFR Part 152, Subpart E, to
insure that no person shall, on the grounds of race, creed, color,
, national origin, or sex, be excluded from participating in any
employment activities covered in 14 CFR Part 152, Subpart E. Operator
assures that no person shall be excluded on these grounds from
participating or receiving the services or benefits or any program or
activity covered by this subpart. “operator assures that it will require
that its covered suborganizations provide assurances to Operator that
they similarly will undertake affirmative action programs and that they
will require assurances from their suborganizations as required by 14
CFR Part 152, Subpart E, to the same effect.
17-2 Federal Aviation Act, Section 308 - Nothing herein contained shall
_be deemed to grant Operator any exclusive right or privilege within the
meaning of Section 308 of the Federal Aviation Act or the conduct of any
activity on the Airport, except that, subject to the terms and
provisions hereof, Operator shall have the right to operate at Airport
under the provisions of this Agreement.
17-3 Subordination to Agreements With the United States Government - sont
This Agreement is subject and subordinate to the provisions of any
agreement heretofore or hereafter made between Authority and the United
States Government relative to the operation or maintenance of Airport,
the execution of which has been required as a condition precedent to the
transfer of federal rights or property to Authority for Airport
: purposes, or the expenditure of federal funds for the improvement or
development of Airport, including the expenditure of federal funds for
the development of Airport in accordance with the provisions of the
Federal Aviation Act of 1958, as amended. Authority covenants that it
has no existing agreements with the United States Government in conflict
with the express provisions hereof. ,
, 17-4 Nonwaiver of Rights - No waiver of default by either party of any
of the terms, covenants, and conditions herein to be performed, kept,
and observed by the other party shall be construed as, or shall operate |
15 )
ARCHIVE


. a a , . (
as, a waiver of any subsequent default of any of the terms, covenants,
or conditions herein contained, to be performed, kept, and observed by
‘ the other party.
17-5 Notices ~ All notices to Authority required by this Agreement shall
be in writing addressed to the President, Metropolitan Nashville Airport
Authority, Metropolitan Airport, One Terminal Drive, Suite 501, .
Nashville, Tennessee, 37214, and all notices to Operator so required
shall be addressed to _Federal Express Corporation, Post Office Box 727,
Memphis, Tennessee 38194 . or any other address
furnished to Authority, in writing, by Operator. Any notice required or
desired to be given under this Agreement may be personally served or
given by mail. Any notice given by mail shall be sent certified mail
with return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the party
to be served at the last address filed by such party with the other
party and shall be deemed served on he date that such notice shall be
deposited in the United States mail in the manner described herein.
17-6 Captions - The headings of the several articles of this Agreement
are inserted only as a matter of convenience and for reference and in no
way define, limit, or. describe the scope or intent of any provisions of
this Agreement and shall not be construed to affect in any manner the .
terms and provisions hereof or the interpretation or construction ;
thereof. ;
\
. 17-7 Severability - If one or more clauses, sections, or provisions of ;
this Agreement shall be held to be unlawful, excluded, or unenforceable,
the parties hereto agree that the material rights of either party shall ;
not be affected thereby. :
|
17-8 Right to Develop Airport - The parties hereto further covenant and
; agree that Authority reserves the right to further develop or improve
the Airport Terminal and all landing areas and taxiways as it may see :
fit, regardless of the desires or view of Operator and without
interference or hindrance. ee |
, 16
. ARCHIVE,


. . oo

17-9 Incorporation of Required Provisions - The parties incorporate

: herein by reference all provisions lawfully required to be contained
herein by any governmental body or agency.
17-10 Nonliability of Agents and Employees - No member, officer, agent,

-° President, or employee of Authority or Operator shall be charged
personally or held contractually liable by or to the other party under
the terms or provisions of this Agreement or because of any breach
thereof or because of its or their execution or attempted execution.
17-11 Successors and Assigns Bound - This Agreement shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the ;
parties hereto where permitted by this Agreement.
17-12 Right to Amend - In the event that the Federal Aviation
Administration or its successors require modifications or changes to
this Agreement as a condition precedent to the granting of funds for the
improvement of Airport, or otherwise, Operator shall make such
amendments, modifications, revisions, supplements, or deletions of any
of the terms, conditions, or requirements of this Agreement as may be
reasonably required and any expenses resulting from such amendments,
modifications, revisions, supplements or deletions, shall be borne
solely by Operator. ;
. 17-13 Time of Essence - Time is of the essence of this Agreement.
17-14 Gender - Words of any gender used in this Agreement shall be held
and construed to include any other gender, and words in the singular
number shall be held to include the plural, unless the context otherwise
requires. .
17-15 Force Majeure - Neither Authority nor Operator shall be deemed in.
violation of this Agreement if it is prevented from performing any of
the obligations hereunder by reason of strikes, boycotts, labor
17


disputes, embargoes shortage of material, acts of God, acts to the .
public enemy, acts of superior governmental authority, weather
. conditions, riots, rebellion, sabotage, or any other circumstances for
which it is not responsible or which are not within its control.
17-16 Disadvantaged Business Enterprise - Operator agrees that it will |
comply with Authority’s Disadvantaged Business Enterprise Program and
applicable laws and regulations, as they now exist and as they may be
hereafter modified. .
18 ENTIRE AGREEMENT , . -
18-1 The parties hereto understand and agree that this instrument .
contains the entire agreement between the parties hereto. The parties [
hereto further understand and agree that the other party and its agents 7
have made no representations or promises with respect to this Agreement | :
or the making or entering into of this Agreement, except as in this
Agreement expressly set forth, and. that no claim or liability for cause
for termination shall be asserted by either party against the other, and |
such party shall not be liable by reason of representations or promise
not expressly stated in this Agreement, any other written or parol |
agreement with the other party being expressly waived.
18-2 The individual executing this Agreement on behalf of Operator !
. warrant that they have full authority to execute this Agreement on
behalf of the entity for whom they are acting herein.
. |
18-3 The parties hereto acknowledge that they thoroughly read this
Agreement, including any exhibits or attachments hereto, and have sought |
and received such competent advice and counsel as was necessary for them |
to form a full and complete understanding of all rights and obligations |
herein. ‘|
|
| |
18 |
ARCHIVE}


. . co .
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this instrument
to be executed by their duly authorized representatives on the day and
: date first written above.
AUTHORITY: ‘
ATTEST: METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE AIRPORT
AUTHORITY: .
oy ane LA,
Le a / Bt
wi UT eT witty wey
7 Secreta Zz: Wittiam G." Moore, Jr.
OST PEL! £ President :
* ta Ys oat?
My AH p02
“MES : DATE: SJosssar % (440
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY: - RECOMMENDED:
df
BY Z
Legal Coun6él Ce fae ee!
pare: ___ 7-3/-89 DATE: esse 040
Stokes and Bartholomew, P.A. /
Third National Financial Center
Nashville, Tennessee 37219
OPERATOR
FEDERAL EXPRESS CORPORATION
BY: he
TITLE: VP
. . _fh-2
. DATE: [2 Jb: OF
19 ;
Opp toed : ye 12/ts/ 99


’ i o, a - . a
oo ; CERTIFICATE OF ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
. STATE OF___Zéwwessee
COUNTY OF__s##44
pefore me, _____—— A -€awwa MM. i JounSoas
, of the state and county aforesaid, personally
appeared LZ bee7 dD, ok , with whom I an
personally acquainted, and who upon oath, acknowledged himself to be
a . .
the Vice bhesidéyye of_ fedetaZ F¥pREES
Copan nziow the within
bargainor, a corporation, and that he as such _ Mer feesideey
being authorized so to do, executed the foregoing instrument for the
purpose therein contained, by signing the:name of the corporation by
himself as__ “rede Peesideu7
Witness my hand and seal, at office in Whemphin, Arrcates
this_4Q day of _Avcoomber 1939.
Notary Public
BY GOVEAECION EAPIRLS HOLDER 24, 1620 oo : %,
My Commission Expires: or Ss
’ ; 3. SAG , =
BP OE
Sy a ae
,
eo
