. A--4l | RECEIVED
MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING _ SE? 26 291
METROPOLITAN
CLETtK
This Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”), is by and between the Metropolitan Nashville
Airport Authority, hereinafter referred to as the “Authority”, and Arlington United Methodist Church,
hereinafter referred to as “Lessee”.
WITNESSETH
WHEREAS, the Authority is the owner and operator of the Nashville International Airport,
Nashville, Tennessee, together with certain air navigational facilities (the “Airport”); and,
WHEREAS, Lessee has expressed intent to use certain real property at the Airport, as more fully
described on Exhibit “A”, attached hereto and made a part hereof,
NOW THEREFORE, the Authority and Lessee desire to proceed with establishing this MOU
subject to the following terms and conditions:
I. Lessee shall have access to real property at the Airport, as more fully described on Exhibit
“A”, attached hereto and made a part hereof (the “Assigned Area”) for the rental rate of
one hundred and fifty dollars ($150.00) per month, commencing December 1, 2011, and
continuing on a year to year basis until terminated as herein provided by either party.
Commencing December 1, 2012 and continuing thereafter on each anniversary date during
the MOU the rental shall be adjusted in accordance with the percentage of increase in the
Cost of Living Index, All Urban Consumers, and “All Items”, compiled and published by the
United States Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics. The annual rental rate
increase shall not exceed three percent (3%).
Il. The Authority hereby agrees to allow Lessee to use the Assigned Area solely as a
children’s play area or as vehicle parking in the paved portion of the property.
Hl. Lessee will keep the Assigned Area at all times in good condition and repair.
IV. In consideration for MNAA leasing the Assigned Area to Lessee, Lessee agrees that if Lessee
decides to sell the property currently owned and occupied by Lessee at 1360 Murfreesboro
Pike, Lessee will grant MNAA first right of refusal to purchase said property at fair market
price.
V. For the term of the MOU, the Lessee has full access to the Assigned Area, and hereby
assumes all responsibilities, duties, liabilities, and rights to the Assigned Area
VI. Lessee shall protect, defend, indemnify and hold the Authority and the Board of
Commissioners, officers, and employees completely harmless from and against any and all
liabilities, demands, suits, claims, tosses, fines or judgments arising by reason of the injury
or death of any person or damage to any property, including all reasonable costs for
investigation and defense thereof (including but not limited to attorney fees, court costs,
and expert fees), of any nature whatsoever arising out of or incident to this Memorandum
of Understanding or Licensee's use of the Premises or the acts or omissions of Lessee's


officers, employees, agents, or invitees, unless such injury, death or damage is caused by
the sole negligence of the Authority. The Authority shall give Lessee reasonable notice of
any such claims or actions. Lessee, in carrying out its obligations hereunder, shall use
counsel reasonably acceptable to the Authority. Licensee agrees to maintain
Comprehensive Commercial General Liability in an amount of not less than One Million
Dollars ($1,000,000) combined single limit during the term of this Letter of Understanding
and any renewals thereof. The aggregate deductible amount under the insurance policy or
polices providing the CGL Coverage shall not exceed Two Hundred Fifty Thousand and
no/100 Dollars (250,000.00) per occurrence. Such insurance policies shall name the
Authority, its Board of Commissioners, its officers, and its employees as additional
insureds and joint payee to the full extent of Licensee's insurance coverage but in no event
less than the required minimum coverage limit amount. Such insurance shall also include
provision for coverage of “no owned and hired” vehicles. Lessee shall also obtain and
maintain continuously in effect at all times during the term hereof, at its sole expense.
Property Damage insurance protecting the Authority, and its Board of Commissioners, its
officers, and its employees against liability which may occur from any actions by Lessee,
Lessee 's employees, agents or representatives. Subject insurance shall be in the amount
of at least $500,000 covering property damage per occurrence. The aggregate deductible
amount under the insurance policy or polices providing the CGL Coverage shall not
exceed Two Hundred Fifty Thousand and no/100 Dollars (250,000.00) per occurrence.
Such insurance policies shall name the Authority, its Board of Commissioners, its officers,
and its employees as additional insureds.

vil. Either party may terminate this agreement with thirty (30) days written notice to the other
party. Lessee must return the said property back to the Authority in the same condition as
received from Authority. Lessee agrees to comply with all laws and to obey all rules,
regulations, of administrative orders of agencies of the City of Nashville and Davidson
County, the State of Tennessee, and the United States as these laws, rules, regulations and
administrative orders may exist and as they may be hereinafter adopted relating to the
protection of the environment. Lessee further agrees to abide by all rules and regulations
adopted by the Authority relating to protection of the environment.

ARCHIVE


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this instrument to be executed
by the duly authorized representatives on the day and date first written above.
AUTHORITY:
METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE
AIRPORT AUTHORITY
WITNESS: APPROVED:
Jpyce Holloway Raul L. Regalado
cretary President & CEO
APPROVED AS TO
FORM AND LEGALITY: RECOMMENDED:
Lijlbr = Robert Wigington.
Asst. Legal Officer Exec. Vice Presiden! 0O
LESSEE: ARLINGTON UNITED METHODIST CHURCH
WITNES J. Wy Yi APPROVED:
— ] .

printeh oalee SD YU GRY Ww : aly ou. Printed Name, za be ka) Keenan

SS Neel ae 5

Seon “DOS ‘
Title: Of Ly Se Title: Cha, Man o 5 Tee stee $

Si Wor’ 332

272i words i gz 3
Bo. QI FOS
ae Oe $
HERES


Exhibit A
dy
ie ie . t
1
Rope,
- '
«. * ’ »
: | .
1 oN he fo ae ah
eG Sy BO ¢ . Pass
: ce aa ms et ine ue ’
ed py |
7 zt oa “te pot st a 2 i ; : ee
as 2 ;
x ae & a a ,
e & rap ees
i x ‘eS Ge
ee es ke ; t
ARCHIVE
