A-10- 240
ACCESS and LICENSE AGREEMENT.
This Access and License Agreement, (Agreement), is entered into this 4~ day of
VU , 2010, and effective as of July 1, 2010 (Effective Date), by and between the
Metropolivan Nashville Airport Authority, (Authority), and SecurityPoint Media, LLC, (Licensee).
ARTICLE 1 -- RECITALS

1.1 The Authority owns and/or operates the Nashville International Airport (BNA)
consisting, in part, of terminal buildings, passenger security checkpoints and screening areas,
tarmac and other service areas. BNA has a total of 12 active security screening lanes in its
security screening checkpoint areas.

1.2. The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) maintains full jurisdiction at
BNA for the passenger screening operations, checkpoints and security screening lanes located in
the security screening checkpoint areas for the purposes of conducting security and passenger
screening operations. The TSA has authorized the Authority to enter into a Memorandum of
Understanding as hereinafter defined for the utilization by the TSA of certain furnishings
provided by the Licensee to the Authority at no cost at BNA’s security screening checkpoint
areas.

1.3. The Licensee owns the SecureTray System® consisting of SecureTrays®,
SecureCarts® and DivestingTables® for utilization at passenger security checkpoint areas in an
airport. The Licensee’s patented SecureTray System has been tested and approved by the TSA
and its designated evaluation agent, Safe Skies Alliance, for installation at security screening
checkpoint areas within an airport to improve workforce safety and to facilitate the passenger
screening process.

1.4 The Authority and Licensee acknowledge that the continued operation of the
BNA as a safe, convenient, efficient and attractive facility is a vital component to the economic
health and welfare of the Authority and its constituents and the installation of the SecureTray
System at the BNA will promote and enhance the Authority’s operations.

AUG —5 2010
1
METROPOLITAN
CLERK


1.5. The Authority desires to grant Licensee, and Licensee desires to accept, a limited,
but exclusive access agreement and license to BNA in order for the Licensee to install and
maintain the SecureTray System at all current and future passenger security checkpoints and
screening lanes at BNA and to sell to third parties sponsorships and advertising in the
SecureTray System as provided in the Memorandum of Understanding Concerning Use of
Security Screening Checkpoint Furnishings (MOU), attached as Exhibit C.

1.6 The Authority agrees to enter into and maintain as current the MOU with the TSA
for the Security Screening Checkpoint Furnishings Program (Program) to be implemented at
BNA by the Authority pursuant to the MOU.

ARTICLE 2 -- OPERATIONAL AREA

2.1 The area to be used by Licensee for its Operation Area is that depicted on Exhibit
"A" attached hereto and made a part hereof (Operational Area).

ARTICLE 3 - TERM AND TERMINATION

3.1. This Agreement shall begin on the effective date and shall continue in full force and
effect, unless otherwise revoked as provided for herein, for a period of approximately five (5) years.

3.2 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, upon termination or
expiration of this Agreement, Licensee shall remove the SecureTray System from BNA except for
any SecureTrays, or DivestingTables, which shall remain with the Authority for use within the
Operation Area. Licensee shall be permitted both upon termination or expiration of this Agreement,
or at any time thereafter, to remove, at its cost, any sponsorship and advertising materials from
any SecureTrays remaining with the Authority for use within the Operation Area.

3.3. The Authority may terminate this Agreement at any time, without forfeiture, waiver,
or release of any other rights of the Authority, upon default or breach by Licensee in the
performance of the work to be provided by Licensee under this Agreement or in observance of or
compliance with any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, or if the Authority
determines that the services rendered and/or work performed by Licensee are unsatisfactory in

2
ARCHIVE


determines that the services rendered and/or work performed by Licensee are unsatisfactory in
any way. The Authority may give Licensee ten (10) days prior written notice of such
termination and an opportunity to cure the default or breach within said notice period. If default
or breach is not timely cured, Licensee shall immediately cease or cause to be ceased all services
or work. Licensee shall invoice and be paid for only those services rendered and work
performed through the date of termination that are reasonably satisfactory to the Authority.
Notwithstanding the above, Licensee shall not be relieved of liability to the Authority for all
damages sustained by the Authority by reason of any breach or default of this Agreement by
Licensee, and the Authority may withhold any payments to Licensee for the purpose of set-off
for such damages sustained by the Authority.
3.4. Licensee shall have the right to terminate this Agreement only for substantial failure of
Authority to perform in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, which shall constitute
Licensee’s sole and exclusive remedy for a breach by the Authority. The Licensee shall give the
Authority ten (10) days prior written notice of such termination and an opportunity to cure the
default or breach within said period. If default or breach is not timely cured, Licensee shall
immediately cease or cause to be ceased all services or work. Licensee shall invoice and be paid
for services or work rendered through the date of termination that are reasonably satisfactory to
the Authority.
ARTICLE 4 - OPERATIONAL PRIVILEGES AND OBLIGATIONS

4.1 The Authority grants Licensee a limited but exclusive license to access, install
and maintain its SecureTray System at all the passenger security screening checkpoint areas and
screening lanes at BNA. Additionally, and as the principal inducement to the Licensee providing
the Authority with the SecureTray System at no cost or expense to the TSA or the Authority, this
Agreement grants and allows the Licensee the exclusive right to solicit, accept, and sell to third
parties sponsorships and announcements to be utilized in the SecureTray System in accordance
with the MOU and pursuant to the standards and guidelines for acceptable advertising materials
as adopted by the Authority. The Licensee shall conduct no other operations or business at BNA
without the express written consent of the Authority.

3
ARCHIVE


4.2 For and in consideration of this Agreement, the Licensee shall install, provide and
maintain, at its sole cost and expense, the SecureTray System for each of the existing 12 active
security screening checkpoint lanes at BNA and any additional security screening checkpoint
lanes that may be added by the Authority in the future. Each SecureTray System® utilized in the
Program shall conform to TSA requirements and specifications as provided in the MOU and as
set forth in Exhibits B and C of this Agreement.

ARTICLE 5 -- LICENSEE RESPONSIBILITIES

5.1 Licensee shall coordinate all installation activities and requirements of
implementation of the Program with the TSA and the local security department of the Authority
prior to installing its SecureTray System at BNA.

5.2 Licensee shall coordinate maintenance activities and requirements with the TSA
and the local security department of the Authority prior to performing maintenance operations of
its SecureTray System at BNA.

5.3 Licensee shall conduct its installation and maintenance operations in such a
manner that does not interfere with the ongoing operations of BNA.

5.4 Licensee shall comply with all TSA and Authority regulations with regard to
access to restricted areas of BNA.

5.5 Licensee, at its own cost and expense, shall dispose of any refuse or other trash
created pursuant to its installation and maintenance operations of the SecureTray System.

5.6 Licensee shall be responsible for and shall be required to insure that all
sponsorships, advertising, and announcements conform to the Authority’s uniform standards and
guidelines as required by the MOU. Sponsorships, advertisements, and announcements shall be
“unobtrusive”, “non-controversial” and “unrelated-to-checkpoint” as defined in the MOU and in
good taste suitable for viewing by the general public, including children.

5.7 Licensee shall provide the Authority with a monthly report and accounting of its
business operations at BNA, which shall include accounting of its periodic and annual

4


accumulated gross revenue from the sale to third parties of sponsorships and promotions utilized
in the SecureTray System and operation of the Program at BNA.

5.8 Licensee shall be responsible for addressing and correcting, as deemed
appropriate, the issues and matters, if any, identified in the written evaluations of the Program
that may be prepared by the Authority and delivered to Licensee as provided in Section
11.1herein.

5.9 Licensee agrees to promptly pay all taxes, excise, and license and permit fees of
whatever nature applicable to its operations hereunder and to obtain and keep current all
municipal, state, or federal licenses required for the conduct of its business at BNA and further
agrees not to permit any of said taxes, excises, license or permit fees to become delinquent. If a

| lien is filed against Authority premises on account of work performed, materials furnished or

| obligations incurred by or on behalf or at the request of Licensee, Licensee agrees to indemnify
the Authority against any expense, cost, or liability incurred by the Authority as a result of such
Lien. The Authority shall be responsible for and shall pay any taxes, fees or other charges
assessed against the Agreement Fees to be paid by the Licensee to the Authority as provided in
Article 7 hereof.

5.10 Licensee shall keep or make available upon request accurate and complete records
and accounts of all payment obligations, payments made and such other documents as are
relevant to Licensee's business operations of the Program at BNA. The Authority’s Auditor or
independent accounting firm or their respective authorized representatives shall have the right at
any time to inspect or audit any or all of the records of the Licensee with respect to its business |
operations at BNA. Licensee, upon written request, shall make all documents required by this
provision available for examination to the Authority’s representative within fourteen (14) days of
the date of receipt of the written request for such examination.

ARTICLE 6 -- AUTHORITY RESPONSIBILITIES
6.1 The Authority shall submit and enter into an MOU with the TSA.
5
ARCHIVE


6.2 The Authority shall provide the Licensee with reasonable access to BNA for
installation and maintenance of its SecureTray System.

6.3. The Authority agrees to comply with its terms, obligations, and requirements
under the MOU and not to modify, withdraw, terminate, or otherwise unilaterally exercise any
rights under the MOU which would result in termination or material modification of the Program
at BNA and/or for the rights of the Licensee hereunder without Licensee’s express written
consent. The Authority shall keep the Licensee informed from time to time of any
communications, actions, and/or directions the Authority receives from the TSA with respect to
the Authority’s compliance, performance and obligations under the MOU and/or the Licensees
operation of the Program.

| 6.4 During the term of this Agreement, the Authority may, but under no
circumstances shall be obligated to, conduct visual inspections of Licensee’s SecureTray System
at BNA, and may provide Licensee with a written report of such issues or matters it would like
the Licensee to address with respect to the SecureTray System, including but not limited to a
description of any loss of or damage to any SecureTray System components and/or any non-
observance of or compliance with the uniform standards and guidelines for sponsorships or
announcements.
ARTICLE 7 -- LICENSE FEES

71 As consideration for the Authority providing the access to BNA for the Licensee
to install the SecureTray System® and as consideration for the Authority appointing the Licensee
as its exclusive provider under the Program, during the initial term of this License, Licensee shall
pay the Authority a monthly fee of fifteen percent (15%) of Gross Revenue (as hereinafter
defined) (Initial License Fee) received by the Licensee from third parties from the sale of |
sponsorships and promotions utilized in the SecureTrays® deployed at BNA until Gross Revenue
collected by Licensee exceeds $10,000. (Initial License Fee Threshold)

72 Once the Initial License Fee Threshold is achieved, and for each month thereafter
that this Agreement is in full force and effect and for the consideration herein stated, the
Licensee shall pay the Authority a monthly fee of twenty-five percent (25%) of Gross Revenue

6
ARCHIVE


(Base License Fee) collected by the Licensee from third parties from the sale of sponsorships and
promotions utilized in SecureTrays deployed at BNA. In the event the Authority and/or the TSA
directs or requires that the Licensee modify, revise, alter, or change the SecureTray System at
BNA during the term of this Agreement which results in the Licensee having to substantially
retool or re-engineer the SecureTray System and expend additional capital as a result thereof in
excess of the aggregate sum of $20,000 (Retooling Expense), the monthly percentage License
Fee being paid to the Authority shall revert to the Initial License Fee as provided in Article 7.1
above until the full amount of the Retooling Expense has been recovered by the Licensee
through the License’s collection of the differential between the Base License Fee and the Initial
License Fee. Retooling Expense shall not include ordinary course of business expenses incurred

| by the Licensee associated with maintenance, repair, and replacement obligations of the Licensee
with respect to the SecureTray System as provided herein.

73 The license fees referred to in Articles 7.1 and 7.2 above shall be due and payable
to the Authority on or before the 15" day of the month and shall be accompanied by a certificate
of utilization and accounting report as hereinbefore provided, signed by an authorized party of
the Licensee.

7.4 For purposes of this Agreement, Gross Revenues means all cash payments and
remuneration and cash consideration of every kind and of whatsoever nature actually received by
Licensee from its operation of the Program at BNA and the sale of sponsorships and promotions
to third parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, LESS: (1) commissions paid by
Licensee to any advertising agency (not to exceed 15% without prior approval in writing of the
Authority) provided such agency is not a subsidiary of or otherwise controlled by the Licensee;
(2) the amount of any sales, use, services, gross receipts (but no income taxes), occupational or
other taxes imposed, levied or paid in conjunction with Licensee’s business operations at BNA
as described herein; (3) the amount of any other tax that may be authorized or established
subsequent to the execution of this Agreement and imposed on the transactions for advertising or
imposed on the advertising media/display inventory at BNA; (4) the amount of any discount or
deduction representing quantity purchases and/or incentives; and (5) Licensee’s production and
design costs of the SecureTray System® related to the Licensee’s operations herein and paid to
independent providers.

|
|
ARCHIVE


75 Without waiving any of its rights hereunder, Authority may charge Licensee interest
at the maximum rate allowable by law per annum on all delinquent accounts.
ARTICLE 8 -- INDEMNIFICATION

8.1 Licensee shall protect, defend, indemnify and hold the Authority and its Board of
Commissioners, officers, and employees completely harmless from and against any and all
liabilities, demands, suits, claims, losses, fines or judgments arising by reason of the injury or death
of any person or damage to any property, including all reasonable costs for investigation and
defense thereof (including but not limited to attorney fees, court costs, and expert fees), of any
nature whatsoever arising out of or incident to this Agreement or Licensee's use of the Operational
Area or the acts or omissions of Licensee's officers, employees, agents, or invitees, unless such
injury, death or damage is caused by the sole negligence of the Authority. The Authority shall give

| Licensee reasonable notice of any such claims or actions. Licensee, in carrying out its obligations
hereunder, shall use counsel reasonably acceptable to the Authority. The provisions of this section
shall survive the expiration or earlier revocation of this Agreement.
ARTICLE 9 -- INSURANCE

9.1 Licensee agrees to maintain Comprehensive General Liability in an amount of not
less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) combined single limit during the term of this Agreement
and any renewals thereof. Such insurance policies shall name Authority, its Board of
Commissioners, its officers, and its employees as additional insured to the full extent of Licensee's
insurance coverage but in no event less than the required minimum coverage limit amount.

9.2. Licensee shall also obtain and maintain continuously in effect at all times during the
term hereof, at its sole expense, Comprehensive Automobile Liability and Property Damage
insurance protecting the Authority, and its Board of Commissioners, against liability which may
occur from or by the operating of automobiles by Licensee, or by Licensee employees, agents or
representatives, hereunder. Subject insurance shall be in the amount of at least $500,000 for
personal injury or death of any one person in any one accident; the total sum of at least $1,000,000

8
ARCHIVE


for personal injury or death for all persons in any one accident; and the sum of at least $500,000
covering property damage per occurrence. Such policy shall name the Authority and its Board of
Commissioners as additional insured.

9.3. Licensee agrees to maintain contractual liability insurance to insure Licensee's
obligation to indemnify and hold Authority, its Board of Commissioners, its officers, and its
employees harmless in accordance with the indemnification provisions of this Agreement.

9.4. Licensee agrees that all insurance policies shall contain a severability of interest or
cross-liability provision endorsement which shall read generally as follows:

"In the event of one of the assureds incurring liability to any other of

the assureds, this policy shall cover the assured against whom claim

is or may be made in the same manner as if separate policies had

been issued to each assured. Nothing contained herein shall operate

to increase the limits of liability."

| 9.5. Licensee agrees that all insurance policies shall provide that they will not be altered

or cancelled without thirty (30) days advance written notice to the Authority. Such insurance must
provide that it will be considered primary insurance as respects any other valid and collectible
insurance, or self-insured retention, or deductible Authority may possess. Any other insurance or
self-insured retention of the Authority shall be considered excess insurance only.

9.6. The Authority shall have the right to change the insurance coverage and the
insurance limits required of Licensee, without any cost to the Authority, if such changes are
recommended or imposed by the Authority's insurors. Licensee shall obtain all insurance required
from an insurance company or companies licensed to do business in the State of Tennessee. The
insurance company must be acceptable to the Authority. Approval may be denied a company based
on its Best rating or other indication of financial inadequacy. Licensee shall provide to the
Authority such evidence of compliance with the Authority's insurance requirements as the Authority
may request. At a minimum, Licensee shall provide, at the commencement of this Agreement, a
Certificate of Insurance. All such certificates shall be completed to show compliance with
Licensee's obligations hereunder, specifically as to the indemnification and notice provisions, and a

9
ARCHIVE


copy of the Certificate of Insurance shall be provided to Authority prior to execution of this
Agreement. The Authority may also require copies of the declaration page, insurance policy, and
endorsements thereto.

9.7. If Licensee shall at any time fail to insure or keep insured as aforesaid, the Authority
may do all things necessary to effect or maintain such insurance and all monies expended by it for
that purpose shall be paid by Licensee to the Authority not later than ten (10) days after the
premium or premiums are paid by the Authority. If any insurance policies required hereunder
cannot be obtained for any reason, the Authority may require Licensee to cease any and all
operations until coverage is obtained. If such insurance coverage is not obtained within a
reasonable period of time, to be determined solely by the Authority, then the Authority may
terminate this Agreement.

ARTICLE 10 -- ASSIGNMENT
| 10.1. Neither Licensee nor any assignee or other successor of Licensee, shall in any
| manner, directly or indirectly, by operation of law or otherwise, assign, transfer or encumber this
Agreement or any interest contained herein, nor license nor permit the use of the rights herein
granted, in whole or in part, without the prior written approval of Authority, which approval shall
not be unreasonably encumbered or withheld.
ARTICLE 11 -- NOTICES

11.1 Any notice given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered
via overnight courier (e.g., Federal Express) with signature confirmation of delivery and
addressed to the parties at their respective addresses as specified in this Agreement. Service of
notice shall be effective upon delivery.

To the “Licensee” To the “Authority”
SecurityPoint Media LLC Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority
11201 Corporate Circle N. One Terminal Drive
St. Petersburg, FL 33716 Nashville, TN 37214-4114
Attn: Joseph T. Ambrefe, Jr. Attn: Properties Department
Tel: 727-577-3106 Tel: 615-275-1652
Fax: 727-499-7118 Fax: 615-275-1654

10

ARCHIVE


With a required copy to: With a required copy to:
Sheppard Mullin Robert C. Watson
12275 El Camino Real, Ste 200 Senior VP and CLO
San Diego, CA 92130 Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority
Attn: Beni Serpin, Esq. One Terminal Drive, Suite 501
Tel: 858.720.8950 Nashville, TN 37214
Fax: 858.847.4874 Tel: 615.275.1637
Fax: 615.275.4302
ARTICLE 12 -- GENERAL CONDITIONS

12.1 Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the provisions hereof
may only be modified, amended or changed by written agreement signed by the Authority and
the Licensee.

12.2 Licensee agrees to observe and comply with applicable laws, ordinances, rules,
regulations, court orders and executive orders of the federal, state and local governments with
respect to conducting its business at BNA including the installation and operation of the
SecureTray System.

12.3. This Agreement is governed by and shall be interpreted in accordance with the
laws of the State of Tennessee. In the event either party employs an attorney or attorneys to
enforce its rights hereunder, the prevailing party in any such action shall be entitled to an award
of its reasonable attorney’s fees, costs and expenses incurred at all levels and in all proceedings,

| including any appeals.

12.4 Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement must be interpreted in such
a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law. If any provision of this Agreement is
deemed to be prohibited or invalid under applicable law, the provision is severable and deemed
to be ineffective, without invalidating the remaining provisions of this Agreement.

12.5. This Agreement creates a license only and Licensee acknowledges that Licensee
does not and must not claim at any time any property interest in BNA.

ia |


12.6 Except as expressly provided or as required by law, the terms and conditions of
this Agreement shall be confidential and shall not be disclosed or disseminated in any manner by
either party without the express written permission of the other party. Upon execution of this
Agreement by all parties, this document shall be considered a contract with a government agency
and shall be subject to applicable regulations and requirements associated therewith.
12.7 No failure of Authority or Licensee to insist upon the strict performance of a term,
covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement shall be deemed or taken to be a waiver by
the Authority or Licensee of any succeeding or other breach. Time is of the essence in the
performance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
12.8 Neither party hereto shall be liable to the other for any failure, delay or
interruption in the performance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement
due to causes beyond the control of that party, including without limitation strikes, boycotts,
labor disputes, embargoes, shortages of materials, acts of God, acts of the public enemy,
terrorism, acts of superior governmental authority, weather conditions, floods, riots, rebellion,
sabotage or any other circumstance for which such party is not responsible or which is not in its
power to control.
| 12.9 This Agreement is subject and subordinate to the terms, reservations, restrictions
and conditions of any existing or future agreements between the Authority and the United States,
the execution of which has been or may be required as a condition precedent to the transfer of
federal rights or property to the Authority for airport purposes, and the expenditure of federal
funds for the extension, expansion or development of the Authority’s airport system.
12.10 The paragraph headings herein are for convenience in reference only and are not
intended to define or limit the scope of any provision of this Agreement.
12.11 Should Licensee require access into any secure area at BNA, its employees,
agents, directors, officers or subcontractors requiring such access shall be badged in order to
have such access. |
12
ARCHIVE


12.12 This Agreement does not, and shall not be deemed or construed to, confer upon or
grant to any third party or parties any right to claim damages or to bring any suit, action or other
proceeding against either the Authority or the Licensee because of any breach hereof or arising
out of any of the terms, covenants, agreements and conditions herein contained.
12.13 The parties acknowledge and agree that the provisions contained herein, including
all exhibits attached hereto, constitute the entire Agreement and that all representations made by
any officer, agent or employee of the respective parties unless included herein are null and void
and of no effect. No alterations, amendments, changes or modifications shall be valid unless
executed by an instrument in writing by all the parties with the same formality as this Agreement
has been executed.
12.14 In connection with the performance of work under this Agreement, Licensee
agrees not to refuse to hire, discharge, promote or demote, or to discriminate in matters of
compensation against any person otherwise qualified, solely because of race, color, religion,
national origin, gender, age, military status, sexual orientation, marital status, or physical or
mental disability, and Licensee further agrees to insert the foregoing provision in all subcontracts
hereunder.
13 |
ARCHIVE


IN Nae WHEREOF, Authority and Licensee have executed this Agreement this
____day ora 2010.
ATTEST: METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE
AIRPORT AUTHORITY:
6 . ATTA el vA ( | .
Jpyce!Holloway Raul L. Regalado
ff Secretary President & CEO
APPROVED AS TO FORM RECOMMENDED:
AND LEGALITY:
_LZLZALK., ae
Margaret Holleman tan Van Ostran
Assistant Legal Officer Vice President & CFO
ATTEST: ZZ 7 SECURITYPOINT MEDIA, LLC:
a Va
EL HAY
BK Vsanred— NM) By: :
Title: Title: Ment | LED
PO PRRNNSS BANAT
i ee Commit oD0722712 | Date: . I au D
i cS) Expires 10/7/2011
Lae Torida Notary Asen,, inc. £
svouanaocezeesuenauaeenet
14
ARCHIVE


Exhibit A
Operational Area
|__| aE §8 $o\ 3 Se A
S|. Fee Si If
82 36 | 3) BB REESE oy s 5
BE As |p BED G fay”
= gE PLAS <i yj, Ws
y - &ge 2 Ll os
lat ay RY
Yan i SY AN
A. ira ER
was) “(2 Be n% ‘ Wed
3 sé ROE 35 { CRS
38 ES 5 \ WS //
rg ° % Ve},
abe foo
> g Po | aloe oa =
se ay] $3 Fe ae
CoN co J aid 43/58 | =>
a as CBE og Bel
CW, Q 3 Sau 8 Alu
al i weed
_ _ w
O a a8 s
—_ P ° 4 Sinsd 3°
; il: 3
ry [ TA ecm ° tree q
| id rm z a 5 See i 5
5 i . a RE | Bs
= t— Ro
: =| Fila
z 0 9 cee oo 3 . IT] 2
1 s a 3
CU) geomet . F Bs 5s g
yt Wize): §
Hi , §o FG "Tele |B
B 8 ete 3 ae 4 |
N Ss be a <
ml ee $ Bee] 3
a} —H
i 3| <3 -
a 5] 7888 s
im g” ales 2
| g ldsw ll |g
a cect: |#a8 |} | 5
n ERE AY) |
3 oe 3
BS) & Bodls <e .
aera o RE 3 "TS Qs] _
SsesB8 [sz 3 . 32 |} ee 2%
gg °" |S & XE PBS
OPERATIONAL AREA - Ticketing Level (Departures) O75 iss law
Nashville International Airport (BNA) EEE ,
Exhibit A AS of: %DATETEXT% fa Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority”
1


Exhibit B
Component Specs
SecureCart™
Schedule 40 PVC Fittings per ASTM D-2466 Specifications
Size __Socket Entrance Diameter __Socket Bottom Diameter __ Socket Length Min. Socket Wall Min.
1-1/4" 1.670° + .005 1.655" + .005 938" 140°
Specifications exceed ASTM standards. For the SecureCart™ application it is critical we have an excellent fit
between the pipe & fittings. This allows for a stronger joint between the pipe and fitting, since more surface
area of the pipe is covered.
To further ensure quality of our products, they are marked with codes by the operator(s) that produced them.
Below are the codes that we put on our products:
PVC Pipe/Fitting Codes
1. Date of manufacture 5. Operators initials that produced pipe/fitting
2. Size of pipe/ffitting 6. impact test approval
3. Product and cotor produced 7. Average outside diameter
4. Heat test approval
Impact Resistance of Thermoplastic Pipe By Means Of A Tup per ASTM D 2444
Our pipe impact test follows the ASTM D 2444 standard. Failure is defined as “Failure in the test specimens
shall be shattering or any crack or split that was created by the impact and can than be seen by the naked
eye.” We test and pass our pipe to at least 156 foot/pounds of force, which is severe.
>, +
em screening application
Bg 5 Full Platform
a iE Ais a
ai Height
tS ~ Fig SN ~ comfortable
SE SN S irl
b> ZH
ENS SS Ei
Toe ee Rubber
Si eaane Sil Stoppers
a}
NES /
Spy ehh bot Sor ect AL
TINS Wek SH, propery OF astrant Meta NM tat Wa ue sed ulate 1 :
1
a


DivestingTable™
Materials Features
= Top: 10/304 S/S = Edges: Rolled Edge Front & Rear (see detail)
=  Gussetts: Zinc Plated Squared Ends (see detail)
= Legs: 1 5/8” S/S
= Feet: Adj. High-impact Plastic
= Adj. Crossrails: 1 4" S/S
[ 72 -——____—+
i I
i It 30
-t| |
L TABLE BASE TO HAVE CROSSRAILS
PLAN VEW ON (4) SIDES
11/2 —t
34 1/2 sed = da
| NOMINAL rouse woe SRE oe
ADL
a
FRONT ELEVATION RIGHT END ELEVATION
|
Geyhg | 2007 Seve sin Mo wia
Ting were 1S tha property of Securiy! iat Madi No pan may b ed Or MSIL G veh ie nt ot
ROO ee


SecureTray™
Rubbermaid Product # 3349
* Outstanding nesting and stacking
ern ¢ Made of durable, commerciai grade plastic,
A a ww. with reinforced handles, bottom and ribs for
oe €? added strength.
ng i « Material: High Density Polyethylene
a ¢ Process: Injection Molding
AVAILABLE COLORS
Color Product UPC UCC Code
WHT 086876129694 10086876129691
RED
[] || ¢ Proprietary only available through SecurityPoint
- Media.
White Red
WHT RED
SPECIFICATIONS
US. Metric
Length: 20 in $0.8 cm
Width: 15 in 38.1. cm
Height: Sin 12.7 om
|
Note: SecureTray™ base unit # 3349 is the same product currently in use at most major airports.
Copyight 20°F © souetye un Mor
Tes work is it plOperty Wf oer thom Meta No par may ce used orgistie hy
a HIVE


Exhibit C
MOU Concerning Use of Security Screening Checkpoint Furnishings
MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING
CONCERNING
USE OF SECURITY SCREENING CHECKPOINT FURNISHINGS
ATTACHMENT A
SPECIFICATIONS SHEET _
| tem Specifications ee
© = 15-inches to 16-inches wide

* 20.5-inches long

© = $-inches deep

© Bins shall be made ofa material that is proven not to interfere with the
screening process.

® Bins shall nest for case of stacking and retricving.

¢ Bins shall carry unique identification numbers on the outside of the tray that is
visible to travelers and TSQs.

e__A minimum of 60 bins per security lane shall be made available.

» Carts may be constructed entirely of plastic, or may have metallic content as
may be required to minimize breakage under expected operating conditions, al
the discretion of the FSD in consultation with the Advertising Broker or the
owner (if other than the advertising broker) of the furnishings.

*  Curts shall be designed to hold the bins (trays), be mobile, and adaptable to

Bin Carts diverse checkpoint environments.
® Carts shall have two stationary, non-slip legs on the front to secure the cart until
| required to be moved.
| ¢ A minimum of four curs per security lane shall be provided.

© Tables shell have type 304 stainless steel tops.

© — Steel top surface must be a minimum of 16 gauge and 30-in, wide.

@ = Tebles shall be available in lengths of both 4-feet and 6-feet.

« — The under shelf or supports and legs may be stainless steel, galvanized steel, or

| similar material as long as it is consistent throughout the airport.
Tables}. — Tables shall be custom installed to align with the heights of the screening
equipment.

¢ _Aminimum of three tables per security lane shall be made available,

¢ Furnishings must be maintained at all times in good working order and in
appearance appropriate for a high-visibility public service location and

Maintenance of acceptable to the FSD.
Furnishings }* Each damaged itcm shall be replaced by the veador within a reasonable period
of time not to exceed 30 days.
Brochures | Advertising Broker].
oe
SSA | POC Tim Hollifield) for use in the security screening checkpoint will be permited
Acceptance | by TSA to be placed in the security screening checkpoint in connection with this
program
Bin Advestising Program MOU (rev. 02/10/09) Page 8 of &
1
ARCHIVE
eee NS
