Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E Exhibit E
GRANT CONTRACT 2024-R13-PC BETWEEN
THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE
BY AND THROUGH
THE METROPOLITAN HOUSING TRUST FUND COMMISSION AND
Park Center, Inc.

This Grant Contract issued and entered into by and between the Metropolitan Government of

Nashville and Davidson County, a municipal corporation of the State of Tennessee hereinafter

referred to as “Metro”, and Park Center, Inc. hereinafter referred to as the “Recipient,” is for

the provision of the construction of affordable housing as further defined in the "SCOPE OF

PROGRAM." Park Center, Inc. will be developing 9 affordable housing units located at 808

Powers Ave. Nashville 37206. The Recipient's grant budget is incorporated herein by

reference. The Recipient is a nonprofit charitable or civic organization.

A. SCOPE OF PROGRAM:

A.1,__ Each Property to which these grant funds are provided for shall be subject to a
Declaration of Restrictive Covenants (“Declaration”) imposing certain
affordability requirements to encumber the Property and run with the land over
a 30-year term (“Affordability Period”). Terms defined in the Declaration shall
have the same meanings when used in this Agreement.

A.2. | The Recipient shall use the funds under this grant in accordance with the affordable
housing project described in the Scope of Work, which is incorporated herein and
attached hereto as Attachment A, and any of its amendments and subject to the terms
and conditions set forth herein.

A.3. The Recipient, under this Grant Contract, will spend funds solely for the purposes set
forth in the work scope outlined in Attachment A. These funds shall be expended
consistent with the Grant Budget, included in Attachment B. Although some variation in
line-item amounts for the Grant is consistent with the Grant Budget, any change greater
than 20% of a draw category shall require the prior written approval of the Metro Housing
Director. However, in no event will the total amount of the Grant funds provided to
Recipient go above the Grant Award amount of $1,024,212.

A4. This Grant Contract by and through the Housing Trust Fund Commission and the
Recipient is expressly limited to the Grant award and for the purposes described herein.
Prior to the use of any funds, the property must be properly zoned, and it is the sole
responsibility of the Recipient to pursue any necessary rezoning or other land use
change. This Grant Contract in no way serves to supersede the authority of the Metro
Nashville Planning Commission or the Metropolitan Council's authority to approve or
deny zoning or land use changes on the proposed property and shall not be used for
such purposes.

A.5. The Grantee will allow Metro or a Metro-approved contractor to conduct on-site
inspections of the grantee for compliance Barnes program requirements.

A6. Requirements for Rental Projects:

{N0281585.1} 1
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E

a. Tenants must be income-eligible at the time of initial occupancy, and Recipient must
certify all incomes annually and maintain a certified rent roll. In the event a tenant’s
income increases above the income-requirement for the unit, the tenant is not
disqualified from remaining in the unit. However, the tenant’s rent shall be adjusted
to the corresponding AMI level for the next lease term.

b. The Recipient will provide Metro with a management plan program oversight which
includes certification of the rents, utility allowances and tenant incomes. The Grantee
shall also provide Metro an annual certification that Barnes rental requirements are
being met throughout the Affordability Period.

c. The Grantee will allow Metro or a Metro-approved contractor to conduct on-site
inspections of the grantee for compliance Barnes program requirements including,
but not limited to, reviewing tenant income calculations, rent determinations and
utility allowances.

d. The Affordability Period applicable to both tenant income and maximum rents shall
commence on the date of issuance of the certificate of occupancy for the final
building within the project. If a certificate of occupancy is not issued, the Affordability
Period will begin on the date of recordation of the notice of completion for the project.

e. Recipient shall not increase rents during the lease term. Such prohibition shall not
apply to any renewal of the lease, nor shall it affect the portion of rent paid by
another federal, state, or local program with respect to the tenant or units benefitting
from the grant funds.

f. During the Affordability Period, Recipient shall submit to Metro no later than July 15
of each year, an eviction report than includes the number of people evicted and the
reason for the eviction for the prior fiscal year (July 1-June 30).

g. Recipient shall post information on Fair Housing rights in the leasing office and make
information on Fair Housing rights available to tenants at least annually. Recipients
should endeavor to make information available to persons with Limited English
Proficiency.

B. GRANT CONTRACT TERM:

B.1. Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant shall be from execution of the grant
agreement until Project completion, but in no way greater than 24 months from the
execution of the grant agreement. Metro shall have no obligation for services rendered
by the Recipient which are not performed within this term. Pursuant to Metropolitan
Code of Laws § 2.149.040 (G), in the event the recipient fails to complete its obligations
under this grant contract within twenty-four months from execution, Metro is authorized
to rescind the contract and to reclaim previously appropriated funds from the
organization.

C. PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

C.1. Maximum Liability. In no event shall the maximum liability of Metro under this Grant
Contract exceed (One Million Twenty-Four Thousand Two Hundred Twelve Dollars)
$1,024,212 “Grant Award”. The Grant Budget, attached and incorporated herein as
part of Attachment B, details the project budget, and the Grant Award shall
constitute the maximum amount to be provided to the Recipient by Metro for all of
the Recipient's obligations hereunder. The Grant Budget line items

{N0281585.1} 2


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
include, but are not limited to, all applicable taxes, fees, overhead, and all other direct
and indirect costs incurred or to be incurred by the Recipient.

C.2. Compensation Firm. The maximum liability of Metro is not subject to escalation for any
reason. The Grant Budget amount is firm for the duration of the Grant Contract and is
not subject to escalation for any reason unless the grant contract is amended.

C.3. Payment Methodology. The Recipient shall be compensated for actual costs based
upon the Grant Budget, not to exceed the maximum liability established in Section C.1.
Upon execution of the Grant Contract and receipt of a request for payment, the
Recipient may be eligible to receive reimbursement for milestones as completed based
upon the Grant Budget.

a. Grant Draws
1) Construction Grant Draw Schedule

e Recipient shall submit draw requests in accordance with the Draw Schedule
provided in Attachment C. Changes to the Draw Schedule shall require an
amendment to the Grant Contract.

e Before a draw can be made, there must be a physical inspection of the property
by Metro or an approved designee unless otherwise specified. The inspection
must confirm appropriate completion of the project.

2) Construction Grant Draw Process

e Recipient must submit draw requests in the form and according to the
directions provided by Metro.

e Allinvoices shall be sent to: BFPayments@nashville.gov

e Said payment shall not exceed the maximum liability of this Grant Contract.

e Final invoices for the contract period should be received by Metro Payment
Services by 24 months from the execution of the grant agreement. Any
invoice not received by the deadline date will not be processed and all
remaining grant funds will expire.

C.4. Close-out Expenditure and Narrative Report. The Recipient must submit a final grant
Close-out Expenditure and Narrative Report, to be received by the Metropolitan Housing
Trust Fund Commission / Barnes Housing Trust Fund within 45 days of project
completion in conjunction with the submission of the final draw on the award. Said report
shall be in form and substance acceptable to Metro and shall be prepared by a Certified
Public Accounting Firm or the Chief Financial Officer of the Recipient Organization. It
should detail the outcomes of the activities funded under this Grant Contract.

{N0281585.1} 3


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E

C.5. Payment of Invoice. The payment of any invoice by Metro shall not prejudice Metro’s
right to object to the invoice or any matter in relation thereto. Such payment by Metro
shall neither be construed as acceptance of any part of the work or service provided nor
as an approval of any of the costs included therein.

C.6. Unallowable Costs. The Recipient's invoice shall be subject to reduction for amounts
included in any invoice or payment theretofore made which are determined by Metro, on
the basis of audits or monitoring conducted in accordance with the terms of this Grant
Contract, to constitute unallowable costs.

C.7. Deductions. Metro reserves the right to adjust any amounts which are or shall become
due and payable to the Recipient by Metro under this or any Contract by deducting any
amounts which are or shall become due and payable to Metro by the Recipient under
this or any Contract.

C.8. Electronic Payment. Metro requires as a condition of this contract that the Recipient
shall complete and sign Metro's form authorizing electronic payments to the Recipient.
Recipients who have not already submitted the form to Metro will have thirty (30) days to
complete, sign, and return the form. Thereafter, all payments to the Recipient, under this
or any other contract the Recipient has with Metro, must be made electronically.

C.9. Procurement. Recipient agrees and understands that procurement of goods and services
for the grant project must comply with state and local law and regulations, including the
Metropolitan Procurement Code. Recipient will provide Metro with all plans and
specifications needed for these procurement purposes. Recipient will promptly review,
and either approve or disapprove, in good faith and with reasonable grounds all
estimates, amendments to scope of work, and all work performed by a contractor prior to
payment.

C.10. Public Meetings. At the reasonable request of Metro, Recipient agrees to attend public
meetings, neighborhood meetings, and other events regarding this Project.

C.11, Recognition. Any signage, printed materials, or online publications erected at the
applicable Project site or elsewhere regarding the Project shall include the following
language or language acceptable by Metro acknowledging that the Project is partially
funded with a grant from the Barnes Fund for Affordable Housing of the Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County:

This project funded in part by the Barnes Affordable Housing Trust Fund of the
Metropolitan Government of Nashville & Davidson County.

Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission

Freddie O’Connell, Mayor

Metropolitan Council of Nashville and Davidson County

D. STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

D.1. | Required Approvals. Metro is not bound by this Grant Contract until it is approved by the
appropriate Metro representatives as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.

(INO281585 1} 4


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E

D.2. Modification and Amendment. This Grant Contract may be modified only by a written
amendment that has been approved in accordance with all Metro procedures and by
appropriate legislation of the Metropolitan Council.

D.3. Default and Termination for Cause. Any failure by Owner to perform any term or
provision of this Grant Contract shall constitute a "Default" (1) if such failure is curable
within 30 days and Recipient does not cure such failure within 30 days following written
notice of default from Metro, or (2) if such failure is not of a nature which cannot
reasonably be cured within such 30-day period and Recipient does not within such 30-
day period commence substantial efforts to cure such failure or thereafter does not within
a reasonable time prosecute to completion with diligence and continuity the curing of
such failure. Should the Recipient Default under this Grant Contract or if the Recipient
violates any terms of this Grant Contract, Metro shall have the right to immediately
terminate the Grant Contract and the Recipient shall return to Metro any and all grant
monies for services or projects under the grant not performed as of the termination date.
The Recipient shall also return to Metro any and all funds expended for purposes
contrary to the terms of the Grant. Such termination shall not relieve the Recipient of
any liability to Metro for damages sustained by virtue of any breach by the Recipient.

D.4. | Subcontracting. The Recipient shall not assign this Grant Contract or enter into a
subcontract for any of the services performed under this Grant Contract without obtaining
the prior written approval of Metro. Notwithstanding any use of approved subcontractors,
the Recipient shall be considered the prime Recipient and shall be responsible for all
work performed.

D.5. Conflicts of Interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount shall
be paid directly or indirectly to an employee or official of Metro as wages, compensation,
or gifts in exchange for acting as an officer, agent, employee, subcontractor, or
consultant to the Recipient in connection with any work contemplated or performed
relative to this Grant Contract.

The Grantee also recognizes that no person identified as a Covered Person below may
obtain a financial interest or benefit from a Metro Housing Trust Fund Competitive Grant
assisted activity, or have an interest in any contract, subcontract, or agreement with
respect thereto, or the proceeds thereunder, either for themselves or those whom they
have family or business ties, during their tenure or for one year thereafter.

Covered Persons include immediate family members of any employee or board member
of the Grantee. Covered Persons are ineligible to receive benefits through the Metro
Housing Trust Fund Competitive Grant program. Immediate family ties include (whether
by blood, marriage, or adoption) a spouse, parent (including stepparent), child
(including a stepbrother or stepsister), sister, brother, grandparent, grandchild, and in-
laws of a Covered Person.

D.6. Nondiscrimination. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person
shall be excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected
to discrimination in the performance of this Grant Contract or in the employment
practices of the Recipient on the grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion, sex,
national origin, or any other classification which is in violation of applicable laws. The
Recipient shall, upon request, show proof of such nondiscrimination and shall post in
conspicuous places, available to all employees and applicants, notices of
nondiscrimination.

{IN0281585.1} 5
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E

D.7. Records. All documents relating in any manner whatsoever to the grant project, or any
designated portion thereof, which are in the possession of Recipient, or any subcontractor
of Recipient shall be made available to the Metropolitan Government for inspection and
copying upon written request by the Metropolitan Government. Furthermore, said
documents shall be made available, upon request by the Metropolitan Government, to any
state, federal or other regulatory authority and any such authority may review, inspect,
and copy such records. Said records include, but are not limited to, all drawings, plans,
specifications, submittals, correspondence, minutes, memoranda, tape recordings, videos
or other writings or things which document the grant project, its design, and its
construction. Said records expressly include those documents reflecting the cost of
construction, including all subcontracts and payroll records of Recipient.

Recipient shall maintain documentation for all funds provided under this grant contract.
The books, records, and documents of Recipient, insofar as they relate to funds
provided under this grant contract, shall be maintained for a period of three (3) full years
from the date of the final payment. The books, records, and documents of Recipient,
insofar as they relate to funds provided under this grant contract, shall be subject to
audit at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by Metro or its duly appointed
representatives. Records shall be maintained in accordance with the standards outlined
in the Metro Grants Manual. The financial statements shall be prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles.

D.8. Monitoring. The Recipient's activities conducted, and records maintained pursuant to
this Grant Contract shall be subject to monitoring and evaluation by Metro or Metro’s
duly appointed representatives during the term of the contract and throughout the
affordability period. The Recipient shall make all audit, accounting, or financial records,
notes, and other documents pertinent to this grant available for review by the
Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability, Internal Audit or Metro’s representatives,
upon request, during normal working hours.

D.9. Reporting. Recipient will be required to provide annual progress reports no later than
July 15 of each year. The progress report should summarize activity that occurred during
the previous fiscal year (July 1 — June 30). Said report shall be in a form provided by
Metro. In addition, Recipient shall submit a Close-out Expenditure and Narrative Report
as provided in section C.4 above detailing the outcome of the activities funded under
this Grant Contract.

D.10. Strict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist in any one or more cases upon the strict
performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement
shall not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of any such term, covenant,
condition, or provision. No term or condition of this Grant Contract shall be held to be
waived, modified, or deleted except by a written amendment by the appropriate parties
as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.

D.11. Insurance. The Recipient shall maintain adequate public liability and other appropriate
forms of insurance, including other appropriate forms of insurance on the Recipient’s
employees, and to pay all applicable taxes incident to this Grant Contract.

D.12. Metro Liability. Metro shall have no liability except as specifically provided in this Grant
Contract.

{N0281585.1} 6
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E

D.13. Independent Contractor. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to
create a partnership or joint venture between the Recipient and Metro or to create the
relationship of principal and agent between or among the Recipient and Metro. The
Recipient shall not hold itself out in a manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph.
Metro shall not become liable for any representation, act, or omission of any other party
contrary to the terms of this paragraph.

D.14. Indemnification and Hold Harmless.

a. Recipient shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Metro, its officers, agents and
employees from any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees for injuries
or damages arising, in part or in whole, from the negligent or intentional acts or
omissions of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or
independent contractors, in connection with the performance of the contract, and any
claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees arising from any failure of
Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or independent
contractors, to observe applicable laws, including, but not limited to, labor laws and
minimum wage laws.

b. Metro will not indemnify, defend, or hold harmless in any fashion the Recipient from
any claims, regardless of any language in any attachment or other document that
the Recipient may provide.

c. Recipient shall pay Metro any expenses incurred as a result of Recipient's failure to
fulfill any obligation in a professional and timely manner under this Contract.

d. Grantee’s duties under this section shall survive the termination or expiration of the
grant.

D.15. Force Majeure. The obligations of the parties to this Grant Contract are subject to
prevention by causes beyond the parties’ control that could not be avoided by the
exercise of due care including, but not limited to, acts of God, riots, wars, strikes,
epidemics, or any other similar cause.

D.16. State, Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with all applicable
federal, state, and local laws and regulations in the performance of this Grant Contract.

D.17. Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction, and effect of this Grant
Contract and any and ail extensions and/or modifications thereof shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The venue
for legal action concerning this Grant Contract shall be in the courts of Davidson
County, Tennessee.

D.18. Attorney Fees. Recipient agrees that, in the event either party deems it necessary to
take legal action to enforce any provision of the Grant Contract, and in the event Metro
prevails, Recipient shall pay all expenses of such action including Metro’s attorney fees
and costs at all stages of the litigation.

D.19. Completeness. This Grant Contract is complete and contains the entire understanding
between the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein, including all the
terms and conditions of the parties’ agreement. This Grant Contract supersedes any and

{N0281585.1} 7


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
all prior understandings, representations, negotiations, and agreements between the
parties relating hereto, whether written or oral.

D.20. Headings. Section headings are for reference purposes only and shall not be construed
as part of this Grant Contract.

D.21. Licensure. The Recipient and its employees and all sub-grantees shall be licensed
pursuant to all applicable federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, rules, and
regulations and shall upon request provide proof of all licenses. Recipient will obtain all
permits, licenses, and permissions necessary for the grant project.

D.22. Waiver. No waiver of any provision of this contract shall affect the right of any party
thereafter to enforce such provision or to exercise any right or remedy available to it in
the event of any other default.

D.23. Inspection. The Grantee agrees to permit inspection of the project and/or services
provided for herein, without any charge, by members of the Grantor and its
representatives.

D.24. Assignment—Consent Required. The provisions of this contract shall inure to the benefit
of and shall be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties
hereto. Except for the rights of money due to Recipient under this contract, neither this
contract nor any of the rights and obligations of Recipient hereunder shall be assigned or
transferred in whole or in part without the prior written consent of Metro. Any such
assignment or transfer shall not release Recipient from its obligations hereunder. Notice
of assignment of any rights to money due to Recipient under this Contract must be sent
to the attention of the Metro Department of Finance.

D.25. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to
offer, give or agree to give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or
former employee to solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a
gratuity or an offer of employment in connection with any decision, approval,
disapproval, recommendation, preparations of any part of a program requirement or a
purchase request, influencing the content of any specification or procurement standard,
rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any other advisory capacity in any
proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or controversy in any
proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or controversy or other
particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or subcontract or
to any solicitation or proposal therefore. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any
payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor
under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or a person
associated therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach
of the provisions of this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of
ethical standards which may result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or
suspension from participation in Metropolitan Government contracts.

D.26. Communications and Contacts. All instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other
communications from the Recipient required or contemplated by this Grant Contract
shall be in writing and shall be made by facsimile transmission, email, or by first class
mail, addressed to the respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or address
as set forth below or to such other party, facsimile number, or address as may be
hereafter specified by written notice.

(NO281585.1} 8
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E :

Metro:

Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission / Barnes Housing Trust Fund

Planning Department — Housing Division

PO Box 196300

Nashville, TN 37219

BarnesFund@nashville.gov

Recipient:

Park Center, Inc.

David Langgle-Martin

1935 218 Ave South

Nashville, TN 37212

615-887-8460

david.langgle-martin@parkcenternashville.org

D.27. Lobbying. The Recipient certifies, to the best of its knowledge and belief, that:

a. No federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid, by or on behalf of the
Recipient, to any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or
employee of any agency, a Member of Congress in connection with the awarding of
any federal contract, the making of any federal grant, the making of any federal loan,
and entering into of any cooperative agreement, and the extension, continuation,
renewal, amendment, or modification of any federal contract, grant, loan, or
cooperative agreement.

b. If any funds other than federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid to
any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any
agency, a Member of Congress, an officer or employee of Congress, or an employee
of a Member of Congress in connection with this grant, loan, or cooperative
agreement, the Recipient shall complete and submit Standard Form-LLL, “Disclosure
Form to Report Lobbying,” in accordance with its instructions.

c. The Recipient shall require that the language of this certification be included in the
award documents for all sub-awards at all tiers (including sub-grants, subcontracts,
and contracts under grants, loans, and cooperative agreements) and that all
subcontractors of federally appropriated funds shall certify and disclose accordingly.

D.28. Effective Date. This contract shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed
first by the Recipient and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan

Government and has been filed in the office of the Metropolitan Clerk. When it has been

so signed and filed, this contract shall be effective as of the date first written above.

{INO281585,1} 9


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E .
(THIS PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK)
{N0281585.1) 10


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3F06C-2C95-47 18-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF RECIPIENT:
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY:
; . Park Center, Inc.
APPROVED AS T@ PROGRAM SCOPE:
ee or Oita Druaekee
Pefér festemolm, Ghar ” Tite(* EL D)
Metropolitan Trust Fund Commission —- <
‘Sworn to and subscribed to before mea
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF Notary Public, this ZZ day of August
FUNDS: signed by: 2024, :
| benin, Crwmbo/mu!
evin Crumbs, a [Notary Public seal] une, ;
Department of Finance Ron '\ LE a,
SS " odeney, ‘%
: S eee S
Ss 3“ swe, %
APPROV (FORM AND LEGALITY: =f oo %4 =
Jusse, Cilia = { TENNESSEE? =
____| ene 2 gh NOTARY FA
Assistant Metropolitan Altomey 02°C. PUBLIC He $f
Sy Te
CON dey So
APPROVED AS TO RISK AND SEK
INSURANCE: pocusigned by:
Balogun Cobb Notary Public
Director of R int Services : A
Oa) a
APPROVED BY METROPOLITAN My Contmission expires April \O,2028
GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND a
ae COUNTY: ;
Freddie oe :
Metropolitan County Mayor
pate _SEP,19 20%
ATTEST thisfhe \t¥lot Seplembenyon 240
ws f LARA Z WAG F {
BY: 7 \AZfiww _£_.
Metropolitan Clerk


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
ATTACHMENT A
is -
Barnes Housing Trust Fund Scope of Work
Contract Number: 2024-R13-PC
Funding Round Number: 13
Organization Name: Park Center, Inc.
Project Location: 808 Powers Ave. Nashville 37206
Project Type: Rental New Construction
Grant Award: $1,024,212
Metro Property Award: N/A
Total Number of Units: 9
Total Number of Barnes Fund Units by Income Target:

S$ 30% AMI 31-60% AMI 61-80% AMI

Pose Lae 5: AS 2 ee ae
Project Summary:
Park Center, Inc. will create 8 efficiency apartments for individuals who are chronically homeless and
living with opioid addiction, many of whom also live with serious mental illness. Additionally, the project
includes a one-bedroom apartment for a house manager with lived experience who will provide on-
site support. Park Center, Inc. will manage the property and accept vouchers to help subsidize rent.
Park Center, Inc. will provide integrated addiction recovery services to residents, as well as voluntary
individualized Housing First supportive services such as case management, peer support, mental
health services, supported employment, and community integration support.


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
ATTACHMENT B
‘we
lays »
ue wee
Barnes Housing Trust Fund Grant Budget


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
Gi
1G}
a
2
a
=
Ee
=
tu
ma
a
4
=)
tebe
=
n
2
im
ee
oO
<
i723
2
(o}
=x
n
wi
z
|| .|2
SIZE
Sl Ela ite)
££] S) 0] a}o/S
3 = ey =) ° i)
ole] a 3 2 8 ole|8}olo/8 3S
2) 2/2 +} 18 ; ol DIS|SIS/SIR| IS
8] |3 Rl]_ |e a BINS] S| RAIN] os
a a wo a NIN] oO] st] eS] dd] i
4/8) 8] 3) 2] 2) 30/3
2) 2) 5/3] | s/ 215
B/Flo}s/s/9 9
Slele elf el 21H
<) FS] o/2] 3] 3] S\s
3/6
S/€) 8) o;alai as
ES) als] sla] +|A] oa °
>] Oo} | BielN 2 &
o|2 ol} = Oo
S)a)/E} i.) 0 s a
oo) 5/815 2 co)
O)a/=|2/2 2 2 2 = c
3| |SIE 3| 8 val g §
2/3 Q| 9 <|.2 2 © =
8 F4 wy oils Pe <elB a s 2
=) rd s/c < € oO c =
< B/ Ea) 8 a mo) Oo) e cs) S 2lec
Ol sis} a Elsa E\S\z < 2 =| 9] =|'s
c #2 oc al $ S15 = °o S] oo] 8] <1] ao Sle
= wh o = = Se} ec] 21'S 1 has
6/2] Floz c=) > pl] Osi, 3S lela] ec o|~
sie = - 3| S| oa £)clels rt 2 s #€/9)s/2
#/ S/S] ala o Vv 2 ssl e 6 s SlElSlLElSla <|
3B) S) S/S) oF 1S) | 3] S| $] 2) S| PS sls 1s] S|] 8] 8] se] 2/3] als eye
B/S|S|F| Sey | 3) <|a <jola (Op yey |B) 8, 2|fjajayezjala
o = c-}
° =a
= = p IVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
K
lu
to)
a
2
ma
a
EE
P34
Ww
a
a
2
2
res
Be
7A)
=)
io
=
1)
z
a
2
je}
=x
vn
w
Zz
i
<x
co
g g
Ss ° ° 8 8 a 2 bcd a/8|R
ieee = g Sls a a iS js ie oe!
ae 3] |Sls| ST ISie SA Sslsle
a oy t+ a] ot N N N v Nl alan
a <
als g
co =
s|= 5 reales
Sle & Fal fice
2) n s|=2 vo gy
& o os S 2/6 b
3 3 uw po ee) 2/5 2 fo} Se
3 Fi s) o|2 2 2/5 = 8 iS
Lla a > »| 2 x |S Oo} 2 Ss
| 2 re) ec 3) &, 8 O's & 5 ie!
a5 2
SIE} | of |? £|S] vo] 3] E ole > |S c 2 Pa
~S| 0 c ' a} 21a) elo] o [at Via o S[f 6 o aS
Zl >lals Zt ¥] 98] o|¥] a] 6/2] o|.9 Cla & = B)O s ‘4 2 #/4S
3/0) 2/3 rd ra lo} BR] o]z] oo S| “le & £ Sle 2 g + el“
6/9] BOI) 2/8) s/S/S/3/S/2]215| lol 2) 72) (ele Eben] ey aisle
DBls|E]/z =/2 L\o5/= os - Ble o i = rd
£/S/S/2))8 £) eo] 2/9] 2] 2/S/S/€] 518] sls S|] Ja) felis 2) al Sy sigs
S215 > Hf] 2) OS) oS] 35/5/20 fo} 3 o|= 6 > bas bee lors] p=
z|O}a a f{H5]/a]o;H|S|/S)a]zja o]2 0 a Ola 6 a « 3/2I5
amd -
° 6| 2/5
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
ATTACHMENT C
Barnes Housing Trust Fund Draw Schedule
The following percentages are based on the Barnes Fund grant award.
Draw# % of Grant Milestone
4 12.5% Upon receipt of the building permit, proof of builder’s risk insurance
with Metro Nashville listed as a lien holder.
2 25% Footing, framing, and foundation complete.
3 25% Plumbing, electrical, and mechanical roughed-in, inspected, and
passed by Metro Codes; roofing complete.
4 25% Doors, cabinets, counter tops, drywall, trim installed.
5 12.5% Receipt of Final Use & Occupancy letter from Metro Codes.
Note: Draw requests 2-4 must be inspected by a third-party inspector contracted with Metro prior to
oe pease of funds. All draw requests require documentation and are paid on a reimbursable
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3F06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
ATTACHMENT D
¢/
Na»
Required Documents
The following are required items pursuant to Metropolitan Code 5.04.070:

1. A copy of the nonprofit’s corporate charter or other articles, constitution, bylaws, or
instruments of organization;

2. Acopy of a letter from the Internal Revenue Service evidencing the fact that the
organization is a nonprofit, tax-exempt organization under the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended;

3. A statement of the nature and extent of the organization's program that serves the
residents of the metropolitan government;

4. The proposed use of the funds to be provided by the metropolitan government (See
Attachment A);

5. The proposed budget of the organization, indicating all sources of funds and a line-item
identification of the proposed expenditure of metropolitan government funds (See
Attachment B);

6. Acopy of the nonprofit's annual audit or other required financial documentation described
in Metro Code subsection 5.04.070(E).


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
eas
BY-LAWS
: Of.
PARK CENTER :
ARTICLE I. Name and Address

The name of this facility shall be Park Center, hereafter referred to as the
“Agency”. It is a private not-for-profit corporation. The principal office shall be located
at 801 12" Avenue South, Nashville, Tennessee, 37203. The Agency may also have
other offices at such other locations as the purpose of the Agency requires.

ARTICLE II. Objective

The Agency is a conduit to restore hope, provide opportunities and promote
recovery of persons with mental illness and co-occurring disorders through holistic
services that focus on their needs, choices, and strengths. The Agency accomplishes these
goals by providing psychiatric rehabilitation services for adults with mental illness and
co-occurring disorders. The Agency maintains programs designed to further the needs of
this population — including, but not limited to, psycho-social rehabilitation, peer support,
housing, employment, and homeless outreach.

ARTICLE III. Membership

Members of the Board of Directors shall constitute membership of the Agency.
ARTICLE IV. Board of Directors

A. Composition of the Board of Directors. There shall be at least twenty-one
(21) board members. Directors shall be of adult age. Directors shall be chosen with due
respect for geographic, minority and racial distribution, variety of professions and areas
of interest. At least two-thirds (2/3) of Directors shall at all times consist of persons not
professionally engaged in the mental health field. The Board Governance Committee
shall make an analysis of the Board’s composition and insure that there is a cross-section
of community representation.

B. Election. Candidates for membership shall be selected from among those
nominated by the Board Governance Committee, which shall consist of five (5) Board
members at least thirty days (30) prior to the Annual Meeting. The first Board
Governance Committee shall be appointed by the Chairman. Thereafter, the Board
Governance Committee shall be elected by the Board. Additional candidates for
membership may be nominated by any member of the Board at the Annual Meeting.
Candidates for positions on the Board may also be nominated by any member of the
Board at the Annual Meeting. Board members shall be elected by a majority vote of
Board members at the Annual Meeting.
——=E————EE——EE———E———————————————EEEEiE
Park Center Bylaws Page 1 of 6


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E

C. Terms. Directors shall serve for a renewable period of three years. The Board
Governance Committee will establish criteria for reviewing Board member qualifications,
potential conflicts of interests and assessing the contributions of current directors in
connection with their re-nomination. The Board Governance Committee will evaluate
each Board member upon the expiration of their three year term. The Board Governance
Committee shall consult with the Executive Committee prior to any recommendation to
add or terminate Board members.

D. Vacancies. Any vacancies among the Board of Directors by reason of death,
resignation, the inability to act, or any other circumstance, may be filled for the unexpired
portion of the term by the Board at any meeting of the Board of Directors. If a person is
elected to fill a vacancy on the Board, eligibility for re-election is not affected.

E. General Powers. The Board of Directors shall constitute the governing body of
the Agency. The Board shall have power to control, conduct and manage the property
and affairs and business of the Agency and all Agency power shall be vested in said
Board except such power as the Board may delegate to the officers of the Agency and to
the professional staff in carrying out their professional functions.

F. Meetings. Meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at least four (4)
times each year. The Chairman of the Board may designate additional meeting dates.
These meetings may be called by the Chairman upon notice in person, by letter, by
telephone, e-mail or fax. Meetings of the Board may also be called upon the written
request of five (5) members of the Board of Directors. Said request is to be given to the
Chairman by letter, delivered in person or by U.S. Mail.

G. Annual Meeting. A meeting during the month of October shall be designated
as the “Annual Meeting,” unless the Board designates a different month. New members
of the Board of Directors shall be elected by a majority vote of other Board members and
other formal annual business conducted at the Annual Meeting. Notice of the Annual
Meeting shall be given at least thirty (30) days prior to the meeting.

H. Quorum. A quorum shall be one-third (1/3) of the Directors,

I. Voting. Except as otherwise provided in these By-Laws, all matters shall be
decided by a majority vote of members of the Board of Directors. Proxy voting may be
allowed if the Director sends notice to the President/CEO or Chairman at least twenty-
four hours prior to the next scheduled Board meeting.

J. Committees. Standing committees of the Agency shall be the Executive
Committee, the Human Resources Committee (formerly the Personnel Committee), Risk
Management Committee, Quality Committee, and the Board Governance Committee.
The Board of Directors may authorize and appoint other committees it deems necessary
to help carry out its functions.
a)
Park Center Bylaws Page 2 of 6

ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E

K. Compensation. No Board member, Advisory Board member or officer shall be
paid for any services rendered to this Agency and no funds of the Agency shall be loaned
to any Board member, Advisory Board member, or officer.

ARTICLE V. Advisory Board

An Advisory Board may be established at the discretion of the Board of Directors
and shall perform whatever duties the Board may deem necessary to help carry out the
functions of the Board, the Agency or both.

A. Composition of the Advisory Board. The Advisory Board shall consist of at
least six (6) members. Advisory Board members shali be of adult age and shall include
participants in the Agency’s programs and/ or their family members as well as other
community stakeholders.

B. Election. Candidates for membership on the Advisory Board shall be
appointed by a majority vote of participating members of the Board of Directors by
phone, email or written confirmation.

C. Terms. Each Advisory Board member may serve a maximum of one year
after which time, he/ she may be reappointed at the discretion of the Board.

ARTICLE VI. Officers

A. Officers. The Board of Directors shall have a Chairman, one or more vice-
Chairmen, a Secretary, a Treasurer, and such other officers as the Board of Directors may
from time to time elect.

B. Duties of Officers.

1. The Chairman shall preside at all meetings of the Board and Executive
Committee. The Chairman or the President shall sign all certificates, contracts and other
instruments of the Agency as authorized by the Board of Directors. The Chairman shall
make regular reports to the Board and shall perform whatever duties the Board may from
time to time assign. The Chairman shall may as an ex-officio member of all committees.
The Chairman shall be an ex-officio member of the Executive Committee for a period of
one (1) year following expiration of his/her term of office.

2. The Vice-Chairman shall perform the duties of the Chairman in the
event of his/ her absence, inability to perform duties, or resignation. The Vice-Chairman
shall perform such other duties as the Board may from time to time assign.

3. The Secretary shall be responsible for the minutes and records of the
meeting of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee and shall perform such
Park Center Bylaws Page 3 of 6


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E

other duties as prescribed by the Board. The Secretary will also have oversight for the
preparation of correspondence written on behalf of the Board of Directors and the
Executive Committee. The Secretary shall perform such other duties as the Board may
from time to time assign

4. The Treasurer shall serve as a consultant to the President/CEO in
matters of financial management. The Treasurer shall work with the Finance Director to
oversee: 1) the collection and disbursement of finds; 2) preparation of financial
statements; 3) preparation of annual budget 4) such other reports and accounts of the
financial condition of the Agency as may from time to time be requested by the Board, 5)
will chair the Finance Committee. The Treasurer will report financial condition to the
Board on a bi-monthly basis.

C. Executive Committee. The Executive Committee shall consist of the Officers
of the Board, the immediate past Chairman and two additional members of the Board,
appointed by the Chairman and subject to Board approval. Between meetings of the
Board of Directors, the Executive Committee shall have and may exercise in the absence
of specific direction by the Board of Directors, all powers of the Board and shall
tegularly report its actions to the Board. The Executive Committee shall convene as
needed.

D. Terms. Each officer shall take office upon their election and shall serve a
term of one year or until their successors have been elected. The Chairman may serve no
more than two consecutive one —year terms.

E. Vacancies. Vacancies among the officers shall be filled for the unexpired
term by the Board of Directors at any regular meeting by a majority vote except that the
Chairman of the Board of Directors may appoint members to fill any vacancies in the
Executive Committee upon approval by the Board at any meeting of the Board.
ARTICLE VII. Staff

A. President/CEO. The President/CEO is responsible for administering the
program of the Agency. The President/CEO shall be chosen and employed by the Board
of Directors from among applicants screened and recommended by the Human Resource
Committee. The President/CEO shall hire such other employees as the Board of
Directors deems advisable; shall have the power to remove all employees subject to the
Personnel Policies of the agency; and shall coordinate, supervise and have charge of all
of the programs and business administration of the organization, subject to specific action
by the Board of Directors. The President/CEO shall meet with and advise the Board, the
Executive Committee and all committees as necessary. The President/CEO shall not be a
member nor have a vote in these bodies. If for any reason the President/ CEO is unable
to perform his/ her functions, the Director of Quality & Operations, shall act as interim
President/CEO, In the event the Director of Quality & Operations is unable to act in this
role, the role of interim President/CEO shall be determined by the Board of Directors
based upon the recommendations of the Human Resource Committee.
—————————————— ee
Park Center Bylaws Page 4 of 6

ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E

B. Human Resource Committee. The Human Resource Committee shall work
with the President/CEO in establishing positions; formulating job descriptions; setting up
salary scales; establishing and implementing grievance procedures; and in developing
personnel policies as applied to all employees and recommend to the Board of Directors
for approval, The Human Resource Committee, in consultation with the Executive
Committee, shall annually evaluate the President/CEO.

C. Hiring Policies. Hiring shall be conducted in full compliance with the
Agency’s anti-discrimination policy.

ARTICLE VIII. Finances

A. Fiscal Year. The Board shall establish the Agency’s fiscal year.

B. Funds. All funds received by the Agency shall be credited to the Agency and
placed in depositories approved by the Board of Directors. All checks drawn by the
Agency shall be signed by the President/CEO, Psychiatric Rehabilitation Director,
Housing Director, Chairman or Treasurer. Any check over $2500 shall require two of the
signatures noted above. The Board of Directors must approve any borrowed funds and at
that time will authorize the President/CEO to sign for those borrowed funds. The
accounts of the Agency shall be audited annually after the close of the fiscal year.
ARTICLE IX. Parliamentary Procedures

Robert’s Rules of Order shall govern the meetings of the Board of Directors and
the committees of the Agency in all cases in which they are applicable and in which they
are not inconsistent with these By-Laws.

ARTICLE X. Amendments of the By-Laws

The By-Laws of the Agency may be altered or changed at any regular or special
meeting of the Board of Directors by a two-thirds (2/3) vote of the Board of Directors of
record. All proposed amendments shall be submitted in writing to the Board of Directors
at least thirty (30) days prior to the regular or special meeting at which these proposals
are to be considered.

ARTICLE XI. Disposal of Assets in Event of Dissolution

Should the Agency for any reason cease to operate, all assets at that time shall be
donated to a not-for-profit, eleemosynary organization qualifying for exemption purposes
specified in Section 501 (c) of the Internal Revenue Code. The preference shall be
given to agencies working in the field of mental health during the selection of such an
Ft
Park Center Bylaws Page 5 of 6


Docusign Envelope ID: D2ZA3FO6C-2C95-47 18-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
agency. The choice of such an agency shall be determined by a majority vote of the
Board members of record at the time of such dissolution.
fn
Park Center Bylaws Page 6 of 6


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
eM ee ee eR Os ae igi ee EE me LIRR a
OD aie a ete ee ee Fs eee eo a Sie faces ie ORR Ce Deeg sae ame ha eae) ey A SEG LOTION APR No
ee ee ee
Pega oi eae Se, NIG asc Coa les ee A Ware rear NN GU SRE SB DS Ae ES ALD ase Se
pes ae oe ee ee De 2 og
Ree DENS an eee: Siege ey aoe a Gs eR oe REGS 0 aa a) aia eae ee = Se omene
Basin ween cs eG CE sti ae cheater Or) ed ae SSS Sas RS ee Ue Seca ngs ae: eee cae
peste ee Perens ees Soe maine roe Set. eer ae whet FD aA oor ee ay cae ny ea Poa
PES Olan: Oe C Aver a fezarieae yn SPA SPS a coe Fo AER ieee USA eg ECE iF ee ai Scan ae eRe ant
ee ae oo ae 7 eS ore oe ane ee OSs
eee Se eS ee SRS ee SRE Since oe ee
ee eg a eo ee
Sag eater eae pS ese Me oan eRe rd eee Rall) skim agent Cet cbs a ae ase mae nc Saat
(ee a
Stn ee mena eine pir ally ae Oe See PARRCEwER OO Lh ee soe
Oe ee ee tbs crpes a oe pee SoS ue oe ERS eR Ree ees ane Raat ae ites ee
Po Cope fe. ea a = Bees Wisk Spa Nena oe Sire DIR Srey beers (me NSnEa aif Meee ae raison eRe Cen INA
ea (ee le einibes eases Py ee BOERS ty Saw Sat sine at CaO RS SUES Ryteae ie ares: ESSE P
Ce oe Fo A Cs
pe usecase Sac el ne Cohuncnene eee nee es re ws Revision ©. So a Se Reel een ead
Were Near, da tS Sp rei era Pugh ec Silty: be ite sere fea hii ahanty SiS aot iy eae scone aoe eels So igre ed
e os gee oe ae a ee en es ene — : ey see aa PAR at
Se omer eae eGR recat pt SNe eo ete allan pea a ES AEN le ES
a es ge ee eee ee. 4 Mifective De te ee a NO ee oe Ne
a ee
OR Ees Geer Hise ied cre pea eee cere PUI NACE Sai Ne ieee 1S SRR Se Oe een oy ea keen Pee
bin nee Soap Na ei al gene EN or ieceohaaty STE ORT Eee a ges ee a ee Gee tee
[Soe ae ay epee at eae nn ONT a eter oar ee
er Ce ECinse isso aie sy Rent gel ear mae ac? OR Betta ee ey NSN a ast
er es ee
Sf vewtrs ats meeting dated the 30! any of uly 2019 an are ead 8
a ee eae Deisler aie ee ares tanh Nis eT Te Bree aS of thefiate of (yagi
Eo OS (. Bpprowalss fy ZO Ra y paswedig ent Mere eae Ns sensi aia mera ee SARS ea Ree! Wiese re Sighs
Se ctr as Uta eu Magra Sa el ewe gc aie ig eee es tae
oe 2 ee ee Oe oe oi = oe e
ee Ce a i Rn a tsa ae Ghee Ses Sah ae RE
ee Sis iseyey wag ie Re Civ ae ae Rae a vee ats Na ES Ela: ee Se eee OS UES aa
oe ee ae) ES ae 6 ae a ee ee ina tied ooh Naso a SR Be a Sees Oa au
ie ea aiar foe Ba ae gS Gee Dis eta Wee LS a on! See BR et gaye
a a
Rife cate in nar eo IA PO A ENS sh AIBN Ri ane ACR ND osha oy Ry Roe Ween eis Peta ee a Pane
een Ue AS ee : aay ie CS REE Be ey eae peed
ee 8
PENN Sha et CIE IDES RA SOT TREAT IARI RIAD SSC Se ea ea, ie eee
eae ee ee _
a poor Diveston So os
ee ne RPT Oe Ne Caine eee ee Oa a ae
NBEO at WAitiereeay LY fT SSSR Cae Ie eh rae aN Oa Ghat WaT ee ao Ae? aie: a cee ces ‘
ee Lege eA Heme eds SON MORE inane CER Ly Pa ne AN Master arc hans Moca Se Un as ore
boo SS ae Be oes fee fe tee ys ata Me eee BARA ETS race ONY) eee aere ee
CI ee a  & fo.
pean I AT nh ee ee OS Ee DN Sei eae ca EA ee SSN es aeale
Ose gies Sue ns aS irae, BS NG age ee Gor os er healer ease eee
ee a ee Ce ee ee ee
Bg fo Os IA Ef Aree See ee icles ie eae Se
oe ee cutee ger Sees — eee Oe ee ee
ate ee ee Baa SE a MAST NE Sa Ge Roe
ec Seereiary, Beard rectors. uittihen see Sursze ye eT een a og rer eae ae EC as
SRE ste Sacer ASN eS ny acl Le, Meeacee ai fap ats SNe kas ie See Nee Sy Cara) Came
Co oo ee as
Pee Sees teas Perens Ronctee Bete ae riya, oe Beas se ai ee eth eR eae eee py es eat peeve ccae
j sine osese te Santor oni! Cigars Rae ik anyones in woul oa pee Se. Ta Sa oe eae
AR ane Cabs nein Retain Wisi ei aunts se elas PUNE era RAEN etna Sey Saat a ee Coes:
Perel, ee Se hey Spee aaron rarrtine se Boe pram Gol ce TSE Soe wae
i eee eta eae ee eae eae Naas eee Brees egos a NER Lanes rc (ina tae oy Rae Ale sae Seea ers
SESE CS en Eg R AOE ee ae caus  aeese Non rye eth tt | CARED ReeG os Rare aetna WORE) UC sale A gee a Wes Beene Gus aan
ves ee Cee e Ruane coe Beene é ne o a as es Seas
Halter ett ea Nae Taare DUS SNe alinteesee RU an tan eet aig = gen Mees eile Cee I ae anne ane ae ae ed
Rae me ee co Be aeRO rcs es eae Iie ean Us enc ea, | eres vee Seaport One Sate
oo a es eH ee Cae ti peep idis acsian reef ouaee ise cara oe Saw laos eles WRate G oe Seer mci
oe ee Mae ee eo ey i pis Meso Meio AR Ns tena eee oad
OR Mise aera AU GA ian ioe ie Tee Ie oe ei CA SMe a eM ec oe
Wages Ae enc eee Olaiane te Retina nansseesoters pie Tee Nie eon oP eprahapea Re) Se ehies Bate re a ee SB ae ORCPAL
eee oo nas eh ee oe Heh ern AR at LON SPE Ipar eee: ah ea a Nepae sy eee eins Bast
Se ee ee ee a ee
age ees ae ca Roce ot MN eaip erect unas SMe San ASN Wea sa IRC frat SAK, oN URE e pes Soiedae RAR Sgt?
HOGS BS yak ees RUS Rian cere courte Sis ey Se Gane cea Re Ses i Say eal
oe Scenes eee Pametichere se kates Be ee Sue Ue EAS etapa AR BR Net SE ae
Se ae eS ae en eS OT PANG ad OSE e net NA TORE Nn Noe ¢ CR Can
Sg eR See at ia noe eee Risa FAN ak RR ie REE = AR eae eee Nappi NLS ‘
ee ee Pes ees Dee ee ERS Bh RE PAIS NEE ee et SRR Sa Sica eee q
ss Sa Gino a een acon Ny Ces ee SEER SCA EN ety opheeo PSNR Ue ar nee Mr GLEN aN Po REN GN OR as Spee net SoMa els
ee Bese ena: oe ee a ee
aS pen a ess cee Ge asa See u Si ee iS) Meer utauesn gene ke ue to
ee ee ae Oe
(oe NG ee a Co Ce a oe ek ee
Bees le en ee ora os mar es Renee Vatiagte gtckes euch aa Ss ye ae es
ee SD is SoU a lie Sage aaa eet eo eh ear TEU OUTS ar re ee seer ce apeeay Sane angen ele (Nakane Bak we
Oe ee a oy ei ee ee ee
De Pe WON: Ge ei OT ee
ee Seen SReRUI RES Diath Ne Sree REE Pusey a era cal beens Oana pees SS Re Ae Pe Neel eens aos,
bse allie Cine arama enters iene He Bey aeRO TOM ae ORCC ea ees MEI Rei a Ree Tepe a ARC Cae Nei ies
tees Po ee pe Ole ie Ce es a
oak eee eee Be ay Mel ere De aon nas ne Reese LS ae ea
poh ineost ape Gna tech h care eA ES Beaeeao nara eutes Rherich chen tion awakes jietsuarertn jal cys ar athe Teak ey tse sad Cais eg matateaea es aR
Pe he ine WOT ere ee one pets Tiioeen Nw ahaa Sa ae Merona
a Po ee ee
ae NOH aie Wo Seep yack cea U ee Aa ay Ni ais a eR Renae OR BN eR iia cone ay eee
iets eden TE arr ace aia ey Taeasnety dei 8 eoenee sae Reha ees pie ee
ee De SO ea eee |
Co ae ee ee Aaa tpers a ee uae Raed oe. Dann eee es esate Sone gon SS ae
eG eae eee Searles SS svicueeay aici ae SENG cM ae Ca St Bes SeraneRA aM alate oat
0 oo |
Gee eo Osta enna Need he, Se in poy Gee eee aE pS aa
pe ee Pg ee OR eee ag) ae
Gotan eo sa Sec eee aie ee Bes sets Giseec eg eens Sere dt en ener ONES st seas 1s Peete aN een
Se ua eeu ae we Benya eS Wee ae irae BOR eee HUN Scare aisle par mines Sei nate {Sey
EUSAGe Gi amen erat s Pees CR INR pet Poca a Neher tee SAUNA eae pea a Ute Gate eek Wa eeae Ae ene oar
ee ee AS poten eens ts jroling et aay tN hue es Qe pee tr PAG Ren ey a ae
eee pet Benue heats ine Ge sya Was abe Me ne SS. Uae IE pal ig OO ae OR POE LaC MEE aie
bee ae a es ie
Piel inks Senor ee mene Ee EE ee ae See a oe de wee
OOD ee eee Sane eee ge oe eT CONG cameo eit
Oe Bo ee ER Be eave Ba este A tae
Sh a mesg ACE SSeS SIM See aa ce = RT a Ee eS SER =


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
’ Internal Revenue Service Department of the Treasury
P. O. Box 2508
Cincinnati, OH 45261
Date: May 13, 2002 Person to Contact:
Andrea Switser 31-00972
Customer Service Specialist
Park Center a Toll Free Telephone Number:
801 12" Ave. S 8:00 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. EST
Nashville, TN 37203 877-829-5500
Fax Number:
513-263-3756
Federal Identification Number:
62-1336640
Dear Sir or Madam:
This letter is in response to your request for a copy of your organization's determination letter. This letter will
take the place of the copy you requested. F
Our records indicate that a determination letter issued in September 1989 granted your organization
exemption from federal income tax under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. That letter is still in
effect. : .
Based on information subsequently submitted, we classified your organization as one that is not a private
foundation within the meaning of section 509(a) of the Code because it is an organization described in
sections 509(a)(1) and 170(b)(1)(A)(vi).
This classification was based on the assumption that your organization's operations would continue as stated
in the application. If your organization's sources of support, or its character, method of operations, or
purposes have changed, please let us know so we can consider the effect of the change on the exempt
status and foundation status of your organization.
Your organization is required to file Form 990, Return of Organization Exempt from Income Tax, only if its
gross receipts each year are normally more than $25,000. if a return is required, it must be filed by the 15th
* day of the fifth month after the end of the organization's annual accounting period. The law imposes a
penalty of $20 a day, up to a maximum of $10,000, when a returm is filed late, uniess there is reasonable
cause for the delay.
All exempt organizations (unless specifically excluded) are liable for taxes under the Federal Insurance
Contributions Act (social security taxes) on remuneration of $100 or more paid to each employee during a
calendar year. Your organization is not liable for the tax imposed under the Federal Unempioyment Tax Act
{FUTA).
Organizations that are not private foundations are not subject to the excise taxes under Chapter 42 of the
Code. However, these organizations are not automatically exempt from other federal excise taxes.
Donors may deduct contributions to your organization as provided in section 170 of the Code. Bequests,
legacies, devises, transfers, or gifts to your organization or for its use are deductible for federal estate and
gift tax purposes if they meet the applicable provisions of sections 2055, 2106, and 2522 of the Code.


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
#.

Park Center

62-1336640

Your organization is not required to file federal income tax returns unless it is subject to the tax on unrelated
business income under section 511 of the Code. If your organization is subject to this tax, it must file an
income tax return on the Form 990-T, Exempt Organization Business Income Tax Return. In this letter, we
are not determining whether any of your organization's present or proposed activities are unrelated trade or
business as defined in section 513 of the Code.

The faw requires you to make your organization’s annual return available for public inspection without charge
for three years after the due date of the return. You are also required to make available for public inspection
a copy of your organization's exemption application, any supporting documents and the exemption letter to
any individual who requests such documents in person or in writing. You can charge only a reasonable fee
for reproduction and actual postage costs for the copied materials. The law does not require you to provide
copies of public inspection documents that are widely available, such as by posting them on the Internet
(World Wide Web). You may be liable for a penalty of $20 a day for each day you do not make these
documents available for public inspection (up to a maximum of $10,000 in the case of an annual return).
Because this letter could help resolve any questions about your organization's exempt status and foundation
status, you should keep it with the organization's permanent records.
If you have any questions, please call us at the telephone number shown in the heading of this letter,
This letter affirms your organization's exempt status.

. - Sincerely, :
John E. Ricketts, Director, TE/GE :
Customer Account Services


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3F06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
Recovery From Mental IlIness
Proudly serving the Nashville-Davidson County community since 1984

Mission Statement: Park Center empowers people who have mental illness and substance use disorders
to live and work in their communities.

Programs:
Permanent Supportive Housing — affordable housing with ongoing, flexible, and voluntary
supportive services designed to promote housing stability, health, and community integration
following the evidence-based Housing First model
Homeless Outreach — street outreach, street medicine, housing navigation, and expedited
access to disability benefits
Addiction Treatment — Intensive Outpatient and Outpatient recovery groups and individual
counseling
Supported Employment — intensive support with obtaining and maintaining a job using the
evidence-based Individual Placement and Supports model
Psychosocial Rehabilitation - day program focused on building social, recovery, and life skills
Supported Housing — transitional housing offering 24/7 on-site staff support with a focus on
building independent living and recovery skills


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2ZA3FO6C-2C95-47 18-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E

PARK CENTER, INC.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,

SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULES,

AND COMPLIANCE REPORTS

As of and for the Year Ended June 30, 2023

And Report of Independent Auditor
@ uP.
wa™ Cherry Bekaert

» Your Guide Forward
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
PARK CENTER, INC.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
ROSTER OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE STAFF ...00..0.......ccccccccceccessecseesteccneeeed
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITOR........0.......cccscscsscscsecssssssecssuesssesssessuecsrecssessueetessssessessesessseseeesee 2m4
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Statement of Financial Position ........c.ceescscscseesssssssesesessseeetsncocscscsssescscsnessesscscsssensesasacacacscesevarscasecscersvacsesrseeeeeD
Statemerit Of ACtiVities...............-ca:--casvsatusnvssninncnasaniscsccnstsesccedeusursntiavceskea Vous deuanseesedausiededsbdaiandstessien ReaHURO
Statement of Functional Expenses...........cccccssscccccsssssssssseseessessssscesscsessscensssseseasaenensneacessesssssvecesnstsucssesssecsenssee
StateMe|rit OF CASH FIOWS ......rencnrnnnenssiahiiicsnstsiciun sev VAwavec lilies ei canceuasinavataviieestivlicaenlaacecs madeesdddebcnienbeeeaeaane GLO
Notes to the Financial Statements ............cccccccssccsssssssescssscssssscseseecsecscessensacseacacscarsescscarscesacavscscevssenstevarseee O18
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION AND COMPLIANCE REPORTS
Schedule of Expenditures of Federal Awards and State Financial Assistance .............cscscsseserserseeseee 4G
Notes to the Schedule of Expenditures of Federal Awards and State Financial Assistance...............::s00000020
Report of Independent Auditor on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and on
Compliance and Other Matters Based on an Audit of Financial Statements
Performed in Accordance with Government Auditing Standards ............cccccccsessssesecesessescecssesesessessaeseeee 21-22
Report of Independent Auditor on Compliance for Each Major Program and on
Internal Control over Compliance Required by the Uniform Guidance ............:.c:ccscescssssecessssesreseseseseeee 2824
Schedule of Findings and Questioned Costs ...........csesesesecessseesseseeseessseseesacscarsneseseereuseeessceeeaeatseseatseseseseseeeee QD
Summary Schedule of Prior Year FIndingS..............:esssssssssesssssssessesesesesesssesesesenensseseseseseseesetseseseeseeesseseeceeseeeee QO


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
PARK CENTER, INC.
ROSTER OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE STAFF
JUNE 30, 2023
NN
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Amy Thompson Chairman of the Board
Anne Andress Vice Chairman
Joanna Hall Secretary
Phil Suiter Treasurer
Webb Campbell Immediate Past Chairman
Judy Daniels Germantown Representative
Helen Gaye Brewster Board Member
Barbara Daane Board Member
Dr. Frank Drummond Board Member
Keith Maune Board Member
Bob Mendes Board Member
Margaret Rolfsen Board Member
Lisa Talbot Board Member
Nicole Tidwell Board Member
Katie Webb Board Member
Eric Werner Board Member
Bill Young Board Member
EXECUTIVE STAFF
Dani Lieberman Interim Chief Executive Officer /
Chief Operating Officer
Amy Maden Chief Financial Officer
4


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
©" Cherry Bekaert”
ws Cherry Be aert
Your Guide Forward
Report of Independent Auditor

To the Board of Directors

Park Center, Inc.

Nashville, Tennessee

Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements

Opinion

We have audited the accompanying financial statements of Park Center, Inc. (a nonprofit organization), which
comprise the statement of financial position as of June 30, 2023, and the related statements of activities,
functional expenses, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes to the financial statements.
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Park
Center, Inc. as of June 30, 2023, and the changes in its net assets and its cash flows for the year then ended in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of
America and the standards applicable to financial audits contained in Government Auditing Standards, issued
by the Comptroller General of the United States. Our responsibilities under those standards are further
described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are
required to be independent of the Park Center, Inc. and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance
with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audit. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinions.

Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the design,
implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or
events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Park Center, Inc.'s ability to continue
as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors report that includes our
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and, therefore, is not
a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and Government
Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements are
considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence
the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the financial statements.
cbh.com 2


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3F06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
In performing an audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and Government Auditing
Standards, we:

e Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.

° Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud
or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.

e Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Park Center, Inc.’s internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed.

e Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant
accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the financial
statements.

e Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that
raise substantial doubt about the Park Center, Inc.’s ability to continue as a going concern for a
reasonable period of time.

We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the
planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control-related matters that
we identified during the audit.
Consolidated Financial Statements of Park Center, Inc. and Affiliate
We also have audited, in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of
America, the consolidated statement of financial position of Park Center, Inc. and Affiliate as of June 30, 2023,
and the related consolidated statements of activities, functional expenses, and cash flows for the year then
ended (none of which is presented herein), and we expressed an unmodified opinion on those consolidated
financial statements. Such consolidated financial statements are the general-purpose financial statements of
Park Center, Inc. and Affiliate, and the financial statements of Park Center, Inc. presented herein are not a valid
substitute for those consolidated financial statements.
Supplementary Information
Our audit was conducted for the purpose of forming an opinion on the financial statements as a whole. The
accompanying schedule of expenditures of federal awards, as required by Title 2 U.S. Code of Federal
Regulations Part 200, Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for
Federal Awards, is presented for purposes of additional analysis and is not a required part of the financial
statements. Such information is the responsibility of management and was derived from and relates directly to
the underlying accounting and other records used to prepare the financial statements. The information has been
subjected to the auditing procedures applied in the audit of the financial statements and certain additional
procedures, including comparing and reconciling such information directly to the underlying accounting and
other records used to prepare the financial statements or to the financial statements themselves, and other
additional procedures in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America.
In our opinion, the schedule of expenditures of federal awards and state financial assistance is fairly stated, in
all material respects, in relation to the financial statements as a whole.

3


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3F06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
Other Information
The Roster of Board of Directors and Executive Staff on page 1, which is the responsibility of management, is of
a nonaccounting nature and has not been subjected to the auditing procedures applied in the audit of the
financial statements. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information, and we do
not express an opinion or any form of assurance thereon.
Other Reporting Required by Government Auditing Standards
In accordance with Government Auditing Standards, we have also issued our report dated December 21, 2023
on our consideration of the Park Center, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting and on our tests of its
compliance with certain provisions of laws, regulations, contracts, and grant agreements and other matters. The
purpose of that report is solely to describe the scope of our testing of internal control_over_financial. reporting and
compliance and the results of that testing, and not to provide an opinion on the effectiveness of the Park Center,
Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting or on compliance. That report is an integral part of an audit
performed in accordance with Government Auditing Standards in considering the Park Center, Inc.’s internal
control over financial reporting and compliance.
Nashville, Tennessee
December 21, 2023

4
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
PARK CENTER, INC.
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
JUNE 30, 2023
ee ee
ASSETS
Current Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents $ 725,945
Accounts receivable 190,165
Grants and fees receivable 1,372,619
Prepaid expenses 46,083
Total Current Assets 2,334,812
Investments 17,157,771
Property and equipment, net 12,099,866
Total Assets $ 31,592,449
LIABILITIES AND NET ASSETS
Current Liabilities:
Accounts payable and accrued expenses $ 950,825
Current portion of long-term debt 12,813
Total Current Liabilities 963,638
Long-term debt, net of current portion 44,181
Total Liabilities 1,007,819
Net Assets:
Without Donor Restrictions:
Undesignated 12,571,158
Board designated 17,157,771
Total Net Assets Without Donor Restrictions 29,728,929
With donor restrictions 855,701
Total Net Assets 30,584,630
Total Liabilities and Net Assets $ 31,592,449
The accompanying notes to the financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
5


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
PARK CENTER, INC.
STATEMENT OF ACTIVITIES
YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2023
Without Donor With Donor
Restriction Restriction Total
Public Support, Revenue, and Loss:
Public Support:
Grants and contracts $ 6,569,741 $ - $ 6,569,741
Contributions 350,032 - 350,032
Total Public Support 6,919,773 - 6,919,773
Revenue:
Rental income 916,924 - 916,924
Other 88 - 88
Investment return, net 954,155 - 954,155
Total Revenue 1,871,167 - 1,871,167
Net assets released from restrictions 280,113 (280,113) -
Loss on disposal of property and equipment (59,453) - (59,453)
Total Public Support, Revenue, and Loss 9,011,600 (280,113) 8,731,487
Expenses:
Program services 7,640,681 - 7,640,681
Supporting Services:
Management and general 1,532,727 - 1,532,727
Fundraising 260,448 - 260,448
Total Supporting Services 1,793,175 - 1,793,175
Total Expenses 9,433,856 - 9,433,856
Change in net assets (422,256) (280,113) (702,369)
Net assets, beginning of year 30,151,185 1,135,814 31,286,999
Net assets, end of year $ 29,728,929 $ 855,701 $ 30,584,630
The accompanying notes to the financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
6


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3F06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
PARK CENTER, INC.
STATEMENT OF FUNCTIONAL EXPENSES
YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2023
a SS
Supporting Services
Management
Program and Total
Services General Fundraising Expenses
Personnel services $ 4,604,503 $ 608,349 $ 149,107 $ 5,361,959
Fringe Benefits 502,153 38,817 16,768 557,738
Payroll Taxes _ 337,403, 44,787, 11,525 898,715
Total Personnel Costs 5,444,059 691,953 177,400 6,313,412
Rental and maintenance 362,324 98,762 3,807 464,893
Professional fees 277,065 136,379 12,652 426,096
Utilities 223,352 98,407 1,669 323,428
Program services 283,578 25,908 13,645 323,131
Travel 184,749 13,612 1,753 200,114
Insurance 52,012 125,280 824 178,116
Member expenses 161,349 - - 161,349
Rent 126,441 - - 126,441
Telephone 72,629 8,226 2,256 83,111
Food and beverage 79,770 434 452 80,656
Small equipment purchases 51,366 17,149 301 68,816
Program supplies 58,036 2,164 3,191 63,391
Taxes and licenses 2,193 59,116 - 61,309
Special events - - 31,672 31,672
Certifications and accredidations 5,326 23,290 2,390 31,006
Office supplies 15,387 2,915 1,099 19,401
Contract services 9,920 8,447 - 18,367
Janitorial supplies 15,747 2,010 23 17,780
Miscellaneous 4,598 9,636 1,447 15,681
Vehicle expense 12,021 2,901 - 14,922
Printing and publications 1,364 4,104 4,275 6,743
Postage and shipping 819 797 1,592 3,208
Interest 2,627 - - 2,627
Medical supplies 949 92 - 1,041
Total Expense before
Depreciation and Amortization 7,447,681 1,328,582 260,448 9,036,711
Depreciation and amortization 193,000 204,145 - 397,145
Total Expenses $ 7,640,681 $ 1,532,727 $ 260,448 $ 9,433,856
The accompanying notes to the financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
7
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
PARK CENTER, INC.
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2023
ee
Cash flows from operating activities:
Change in net assets $ (702,369)
Adjustments to reconcile change in net assets
to net cash flows from operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization 397,145
Net realized and unrealized gain on investments (315,659)
Loss on disposal of property and equipment 59,453
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable 146,826
Grants and fees receivable (288,920)
Prepaid expenses 17,026
Accounts payable and accrued expenses 495,514
Net cash flows from operating activities (190,984)
Cash flows from investing activities:
Proceeds from sale of investments 36,562,449
Purchases of investments (34,913,779)
Purchases of property and equipment (1,698,857)
Net cash flows from investing activities (50,187)
Cash flows from financing activities:
Payments on long-term debt (12,231)
Net cash flows from financing activities (12,231)
Change in cash and cash equivalents (253,402)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 979,347
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year $ 725,945
Supplemental disclosure:
Interest paid $ 2,627
The accompanying notes to the financial statements are an integral part of these statements.
8


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3F06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
PARK CENTER, INC.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
JUNE 30, 2023
i
Note 1—Nature of organization and significant accounting policies
General — Park Center, Inc. (the “Organization” or the “Center’) is a nonprofit organization that provides
psychosocial and vocational rehabilitation services and housing to emotionally and mentally ill individuals in
Davidson County, Tennessee. The Organization offers food service, clerical, environmental, and vocational
rehabilitation and operates a continuous mental health facility. Additionally, the Organization offers housing and
housing support programs at several locations. The Organization’s major sources of revenue are government grants
and contracts with behavioral health organizations.
The Organization sponsored the establishment of Haley’s Park, Inc. ("Haley's Park"), a separate nonprofit
corporation, that was established in order to construct a facility to provide chronically mentally ill persons with
housing and other services under guidelines of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
("HUD’), Section 811. The facility was completed in 2008 and includes 14 one-bedroom units and one two-
bedroom unit for a resident counselor, as well as office space. Haley’s Park is operated under Section 202 of
the National Housing Act and regulated by HUD with respect to rental charges and operating methods. The
Organization provides management services for Haley's Park and the Organization’s Board of Directors
maintains the ability to approve the directors of Haley’s Park.
Basis of Presentation — These financial statements represent only the financial activities of the Organization and
do not include any financial information of Haley's Park. These parent entity only financial statements are
presented in addition to the audited consolidated financial statements of Park Center, Inc. and Affiliate. Such
consolidated financial statements are the general-purpose financial statements of Park Center, Inc. and Affiliate,
and the financial statements of the Organization presented herein are not a valid substitute for those
consolidated financial statements.
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis of accounting in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP”). Financial
statement presentation is in accordance with standards of accounting and financial reporting prescribed for
nonprofit organizations within the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards
Codification ("ASC’). Accordingly, net assets of the Organization and changes therein are classified and
reported as follows:
Net Assets Without Donor Restrictions — Net assets that are not subject to donor-imposed restrictions and
may be expended for any purpose in performing the primary objectives of the Organization. These net
assets may be used at the discretion of the Organization’s management and the Board of Directors. Net
assets without donor restrictions may be designated for specific purposes by action of the Board of
Directors. Presently, net assets designated by the Board of Directors are for operating reserves, capital
reserves, and endowment.
Net Assets With Donor Restrictions - Net assets subject to stipulations imposed by donors. Some donor
restrictions are temporary in nature; those restrictions will be met by actions of the Organization or by the
passage of time. Other donor restrictions are perpetual in nature, whereby the donor has stipulated the
funds be maintained in perpetuity. Net assets with donor restrictions represent amounts available for
specified projects or programs.
Cash and Cash Equivalents - The Organization considers all highly liquid investments available for current use
with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
Accounts Receivable — Client service revenue is reported at the estimated net realizable value from third party
payers in the period services are rendered. Management provides for losses on accounts receivable using the
allowance method. The allowance is based on experience and other circumstances, which may affect the
collectability of accounts receivable. Based on collection experience and management's review, the allowance
for doubtful accounts was $63,024 at June 30, 2023.
9


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E

PARK CENTER, INC.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
JUNE 30, 2023
Ne
Note 1—Nature of organization and significant accounting policies (continued)
Investments — The Organization accounts for investments in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Under this guidance,
investments in marketable securities with readily determinable fair values and all investments in debt securities
are reported at their fair values in the accompanying statement of financial position. Unrealized gains and losses
are included in the change in net assets in the accompanying statement of activities as unrestricted revenue or
expenses, unless specified by the donor.
Fair Values — The Organization has an established process for determining fair values in accordance with FASB
ASC guidance. Fair value is based upon quoted market prices, where available. If listed prices or quotes are not
available, fair value is based upon internally developed models or processes that use primarily market-based or
independently-sourced market data and third party information. Valuation adjustments may be made to ensure
that financial instruments are recorded at fair value. Furthermore, while the Organization believes its valuation
methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies, or
assumptions, to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of
fair value at the reporting date. U.S. GAAP has a three-level valuation hierarchy for fair value measurements. A
financial instrument's categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is
significant to the fair value measurement.
The three levels are explained as follows:

Level 7 — Inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or

liabilities in active markets.

Level 2 — Inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in

active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset and liability, either directly or indirectly, for

substantially the full term of the financial instrument.

Level 3— Inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.
Grants and Contracts — See Note 2 for discussion of revenue recognition.
Contributions — Contributions are recognized when the donor makes a promise to give to the Organization that
is, in substance, unconditional. Contributions that are restricted by the donor are reported as increases in net
assets without donor restrictions if the restrictions expire in the fiscal year in which the contributions are
tecognized. All other donor-restricted contributions are reported as increases in net assets with donor
restrictions, depending on the nature of the restrictions. When a restriction expires, net assets with donor
restrictions are reclassified to net assets without donor restrictions.
In September 2020, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2020-07, Presentation and Disclosures
by Not-for-Profit Entities for Contributed Nonfinancial Assets. This ASU requires not-for-profit entities to present
material contributed nonfinancial assets as a separate line item in the statement of activities, apart from
contributions of cash and other financial assets. Generally, the Organization has recognized the contribution of
supplies at market value. Such items have been maintained for use in the Organization. There have been no
donor restrictions placed on such contributions, which are insignificant for the year ended June 30, 2023.
Donated Services — Amounts are reported in the financial statements for voluntary donations of services only
when those services create or enhance nonfinancial assets or require specialized skills provided by individuals
possessing those skills, which would typically be purchased if not provided by donation. Volunteers donate
significant amounts of their time in the Organization's program services and its fundraising efforts that have not
been reported in the accompanying financial statements because the services do not create or enhance
nonfinancial assets and no objective basis is available to measure the value of such volunteer time.

10


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3F06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
PARK CENTER, INC.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
JUNE 30, 2023
Note 1—Nature of organization and significant accounting policies (continued)
Functional Expense Allocation — The costs of providing various programs and other activities have been
summarized on a functional basis in the statement of activities. The statement of functional expenses presents
the natural classification detail of expenses by function. Salaries and related expenses are allocated to the
various program and supporting services based on actual or estimated time employees spend on each function.
The remaining expenses are specifically allocated whenever practical. Management and general expenses
include those expenses that are not directly identifiable with any other specific function but provide for the
overall support and direction of the Organization.
Estimates — The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Estimates also affect the reported
amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Income Taxes — The Organization is exempt from income tax under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue
Code and is not a private foundation as defined in Section 509(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. Management
believes the Organization continues to satisfy the requirements of a tax-exempt organization as of
June 30, 2023.
Unemployment Claims -— Rather than providing for future unemployment claims by paying the state
unemployment insurance tax, the Organization has elected to be a reimbursing employer. Reimbursing
employers pay actual approved claims as they occur, plus an administrative fee. The Organization is not
currently aware of any pending claims.
Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements — In February 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases
(‘Topic 842”). ASU 2016-02 amends existing accounting standards for lease accounting, including requiring
lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets. Under ASU 2016-02 lessor accounting will remain
similar to lessor accounting under previous U.S. GAAP, while aligning with FASB’s revenue recognition
guidance. In July 2018, FASB issued ASU 2018-10, Codification Improvements to Topic 842, Leases, to clarify
how to apply certain aspects of the new standard. In July 2018, FASB also issued ASU 2018-11, Leases
(Topic 842): Targeted Improvements, to give entities another option for transition and to provide lessors with a
practical expedient to reduce the cost and complexity of implementing the new standard. The transition option
allows entities to not apply the new lease standard in the comparative periods in the financial statements in the
year of adoption. In December 2018, FASB issued ASU 2018-20, which clarifies lessor treatment of sales taxes
and other similar taxes collected from lessees, lessor costs paid directly by lessees, and recognition of variable
payments for contracts with lease and non-lease components. The Organization elected the package of
practical expedients and the lease and non-lease component practical expedient. The Organization elected to
apply the transition requirements at the July 1, 2022 effective date rather than at the beginning of the earliest
comparative period presented.
The most significant change in the new leasing guidance for lessees is the requirement to recognize right-of-use
(‘ROU’) assets and lease liabilities for operating leases on the statements of financial position. This new
standard creates a distinction in classification criteria between finance leases and operating leases, which is
similar to the classification criteria used to distinguish between capital leases and operating leases under current
U.S. GAAP. However, for leases with an initial term of 12 months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an
accounting policy election not to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. If a lessee makes this election, it
should recognize lease expense for such leases generally on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
11
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
PARK CENTER, INC.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
JUNE 30, 2023
Note 1—Nature of organization and significant accounting policies (continued)
The Organization adopted this ASU effective July 1, 2022 using the modified retrospective approach. As a result
of adopting this ASU, there was no change to beginning net assets. Due to minimal leasing activity, adoption of
the new standard did not materially impact the Organization's financial statements.
Forthcoming Accounting Pronouncements — In June 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments —
Credit Losses (Topic 326) and subsequently related amendments (ASU 2018-19, ASU 2019-04, ASU 2019-05,
ASU 2019-10, ASU 2019-11, and ASU 2022-02). This guidance replaces the existing incurred loss impairment
guidance and establishes a single allowance framework for financial assets carried at amortized cost based on
expected credit losses. The estimate of expected credit losses requires the incorporation of historical
information, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. This ASU will be effective for the
year ending June 30, 2024. The Organization is currently evaluating the effect the adoption of this ASU will have
on the financial statements.
Note 2—Revenue recognition
The Organization follows FASB ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ("Topic 606”), which
stipulates that revenue is recognized when the Organization performs services for a customer in an amount that
reflects consideration that is expected to be received for those services.
Performance Obligations and Revenue Recognition — A performance obligation is a contract to transfer a
distinct good or service to the customer and is the unit of account under Topic 606. The transaction price is
allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue, when or as, the performance
obligation is satisfied. The contract obligation for treatment services reimbursed through certain fee for service
grants and managed care income is recognized at the time these services are provided to the customer.
Grants and Contracts — A portion of the Organization's revenue is derived by providing treatment services to
eligible individuals under grant agreements and insurance fee agreements. Due to the nature of these
transactions, there is no variable consideration and only one performance obligation. Such revenue is
conditioned upon meeting a certain performance obligation, and amounts received are recognized once the
requirement has been met. Once the service is performed, the performance obligation is considered to have
been met. Those transactions are considered contracts with customers as they have commercial substance
through the transaction of cash payment in return for the service purchased.
Disaggregation of Revenue — See the accompanying statement of activities.
Note 3—Liquidity and availability of resources
The Organization regularly monitors liquidity required to meet its operating needs and other contractual
commitments. For purposes of analyzing resources available to meet general expenditures over a 12-month
period, the Organization considers all expenditures related to its ongoing program service activities as well as
the conduct of services undertaken to support those activities to be general expenditures.

12


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
PARK CENTER, INC.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
JUNE 30, 2023
i
Note 3—Liquidity and availability of resources (continued)
Financial assets available for general expenditure, that is, without donor restriction or other restrictions limiting
their use within one year of the statement of financial position comprise the following at June 30, 2023:
Financial assets at year-end:
Cash and cash equivalents $ 725,945
Accounts receivable 190,165
Grants and fees receivable 1,372,619
Investments 17,157,771
Total financial assets 19,446,500
Less amounts not available to be used for generat expenditures within one year:
Net assets subject to Board designations 17,157,771
Net assets subject to donor restrictions 445 393
Total amounts not available to be used for general expenditures within one year 17,603,164
Financial assets available to meet cash needs for
general expenditures within one year $ 1,843,336
Although the Organization has designated net assets for certain purposes (as described in Note 9), these
amounts could be made available if necessary. As described in Note 7, the Organization also has a line of credit
that is available for general operating needs.
Note 4—Investments
Investments are stated at fair value with fair value determined based on active markets (Level 1) and consist of
the following at June 30, 2023:
Short-term investments $ 3,860,924
Mutual funds:
Alternative strategies funds 271,443
Foreign large blend funds 605,580
Foreign large growth funds 221,302
Intermediate-term bond funds 5,654,539
Large blend funds 2,396,134
Large growth funds 794,411
Large value funds 1,656,260
Long-short equity funds 577,594
Mid-cap growth funds: 469,033
Mid-cap value funds 93,683
Small blend funds 556,868
$ 17,157,771
13


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3F06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
PARK CENTER, INC.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
JUNE 30, 2023
SS ee
Note 4—Investments (continued)
The following schedule summarizes investment income in the statement of activities for the year ended
June 30, 2023:
Interest and dividend income (including interest on cash and cash equivalents) $ 638,496
Net unrealized and realized gain on investments 315,659
$ 954,155
Note 5—Property and equipment
Property and equipment are recorded at cost at the date of purchase or fair value at date of gift. Depreciation of
property and equipment is provided over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets (ranging from three
to forty years) on a straight-line basis. The Organization generally capitalizes an asset if its life is estimated to
be one year or greater and the cost is $1,000 or greater.
Depreciation expense amounted to $397,145 for the year ended June 30, 2023.
The balances of the major classes of property and equipment are as follows at June 30, 2023:
Land and land improvements $ 2,407,691
Buildings and building improvements 11,053,312
Equipment and furniture 628,538
Vehicles 221,368
Construction in progress 1,133,723
15,444,632
Less accumulated depreciation (3,344,766)
-$_12,099,866_
In January 1989, the Organization entered into an agreement with the Metropolitan Development and Housing
Agency, the Tennessee Department of Mental Health and Substance Abuse Services, the Tennessee
Department of Human Services, and HUD, whereby funds were made available to the Organization by those
governmental agencies to purchase and renovate four houses to be used by the Organization to provide
housing for the homeless, mentally ill. Under the agreement, the Organization is committed to operate the
housing program for 20 to 30 years or be liable for repaying the prorated amounts of the original funds to the
governmental agencies, which provided them. Management currently plans to operate the program for the
specified terms of the agreement.
In April 2010, the Organization entered into an agreement with the Metropolitan Development and Housing
Agency to purchase two properties for the Organization to use to house mentally ill individuals. Under the
agreement, the Organization is committed to operate the housing program for 20 years. Management currently
plans to operate the programs for the specified terms of the agreements.
The net book value of the buildings, building improvements, and land acquired under these agreements in the
amount of $410,308 at June 30, 2023 is included as net assets with donor restrictions.
14


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
PARK CENTER, INC.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
JUNE 30, 2023
Note 6—Accrued expenses
Employees of the Organization are granted vacation and sick leave in varying amounts. In the event of
termination, an employee is paid for accumulated vacation, but not for accumulated sick leave. Accordingly,
vacation pay is accrued and recognized as an expense in the period earned by employees. Accrued vacation
pay included in accounts payable and accrued expenses was $231,071 at June 30, 2023.
Note 7—Short-term financing arrangements
The Organization maintains a revolving line of credit in the amount of $500,000 from a financial institution. The
note stipulates interest at the financial institution’s Base Rate (8.25% at June 30, 2023), payable monthly. The
note is secured by all deposits and investments of the Organization and matures June 2024. There were no
borrowings outstanding under this arrangement at June 30, 2023.
Note 8—Long-term debt
Long-term debt is as follows at June 30, 2023:
Mortgage note payable to an organization in monthly principal and interest installments of
$1,320 secured by land, interest at 5.0%, maturing September 2028.
$ 56,994
$ 56,994
Less amount shown as current portion (12,813)
Long-term debt, noncurrent portion $ 44,181
Annual principal maturities of the above obligations are as follows:
Year Ending June 30,
2024 $ 12,813
2025 13,335
2026 13,878
2027 14,443
2028 2,524
Total $ 56,994
Note 9—Net assets
Net assets with donor restrictions are available for the following purposes or periods at June 30, 2023:
Property for housing program $ 410,308
Contributions restricted for programs 445,393
$ 855,701
15


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
PARK CENTER, INC.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
JUNE 30, 2023
Note 9—Net assets (continued)
Net assets were released from donor restrictions by incurring expenses satisfying the restricted purposes or by
occurrence of the passage of time or other events specified by donors, as follows, during the year ended
June 30, 2023:
Satisfaction of equipment acquisition restrictions $ 156,770
Satisfaction of program restrictions 123,343
S__280,113_
Board designated net assets of the Organization are available for the following purposes at June 30, 2023:
Operating reserve $ 3,932,079
Capital reserve 2,594,160
Endowment 10,631,532
8_17,157,71_
Note 10—Endowment
During 2023, the Board of Directors designed the long-term investment to be an endowment. As required by
U.S. GAAP, net assets associated with endowment funds are classified and reported based upon the existence
or absence of donor-imposed restrictions.
Endowment net asset composition by type of fund as of June 30, 2023:
Without Donor With Donor
Restrictions Restriction Total
Board designated endowment funds $ 10,631,532 § - $ 10,631,532
Changes in endowment net assets for the year ended June 30, 2023:
Without Donor With Donor
Restrictions Restriction Total
Endowment net assets,
beginning of year $ - § - § -
Board Designation 10,000,000 - 10,000,000
Investment return:
Net appreciation (realized and unrealized) 672,258 - 672,258
Other changes:
Release of board designation (40,726) - (40,726)
Endowment net assets,
end of year $ 10,631,532 $ - $ 10,631,532
The Organization has adopted investment and spending policies for endowment assets that attempt to provide a
predictable stream of funding to programs supported by its endowment while seeking to maintain the purchasing
power of the endowment assets. Under this policy, as approved by the Board, the endowment assets are to be
invested primarily in equities, fixed income investments, and non-traditional and cash securities.
To satisfy its long-term rate-of-return objectives, the Organization relies on a total return strategy in which
investment returns are achieved through both capital appreciation (realized and unrealized) and current yield
(interest and dividends). The Organization targets a diversified asset allocation that places a greater emphasis
on equity-based investments to achieve its long-term return objectives within prudent risk constraints. The Board
has approved a spending cap of 5% of the portfolio. At June 30, 2023, there were no underwater endowments.
16


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
PARK CENTER, INC.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
JUNE 30, 2023
Note 11—Pension plan
The Organization has a non-contributory pension and retirement plan covering substantially all of its employees.
The plan is a tax-deferred annuity plan with its participants owning all amounts held in their individual accounts.
Pension expense for the year ended June 30, 2023 was $141,585 and is included in fringe benefits in the
statement of functional expenses.
Note 12—Concentrations of credit risk
The Organization receives a substantial amount of its support from government grants and contracts. In the
event of a significant reduction in the level of this support, the Organization’s programs and activities could be
adversely affected.
The Organization maintains its cash and cash equivalents in financial institutions at balances, which at times,
may exceed federally insured limits. At June 30, 2023, the Organization had approximately $584,000 in excess
of federally insured limits. The Organization has not experienced any losses in such accounts. In management's
opinion, risk relating to these deposits is minimal based on the credit ratings of its depositories.
The Organization maintains investments in mutual funds and short-term investments. Investment securities are
exposed to various risks, such as interest rates, market, and credit risks. Due to the level of risk associated with
investment securities, it is at least reasonably possible that changes in the value of investment securities will
occur in the near term and that such changes could adversely affect the Organization's financial results.
Note 13—Operating leases (company as lessor)
The real estate and tenant improvements owned by the Organization are leased to various tenants under
noncancelable arrangements. Total rental and related revenue was $916,924 for the year ended June 30, 2023.
ASC 842 requires lessors to account for leases using an approach that is substantially equivalent to ASC 840
for sales-type leases, direct financing leases, and operating leases. As the Organization elected the package of
practical expedients, the Center’s existing leases as of July 1, 2022 continue to be accounted for as operating
leases.
Upon adoption of ASC 842, the Organization elected the practical expedient permitting lessors to elect by class
of underlying asset to not separate non-lease components (for example, maintenance services, including
common area maintenance) from associated lease components (the “non-separation practical expedient’) if
both of the following criteria are met: (1) the timing and pattern of transfer of the lease and non-lease
component(s) are the same and (2) the lease component would be classified as an operating lease if it were
accounted for separately. If both criteria are met, the combined component is accounted for in accordance with
ASC 842 if the lease component is the predominant component of the combined component, otherwise, the
combined component is accounted for in accordance with the revenue recognition standard. The Organization
assessed the criteria above with respect to the Organization’s operating leases and determined they qualify for
the non-separation practical expedient. As a result, the Organization accounted for and presented all rental
income earned pursuant to operating leases, including property expense recovery, as a single line item, "Rental
income,” in the statement of activities for all periods presented.

17


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3F06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E

PARK CENTER, INC.
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
JUNE 30, 2023
Note 13— Operating leases (company as lessor) (continued)
The following table summarizes components of the Organization's rental income:
Rental and related revenue $916,924
Under ASC 842, lessors are required to record revenues and expenses on a gross basis for lessor costs (which
include real estate taxes) when these costs are reimbursed by a lessee. Conversely, lessors are required to
record revenues and expenses on a net basis for lessor costs when they are paid by a lessee directly to a third
party on behalf of the lessor.
Prior to the adoption of ASC 842, the Organization recorded revenues and expenses on a gross basis for real
estate taxes whether they were reimbursed to the Center by a tenant or paid directly by a tenant to the taxing
authorities on the Center's behalf. Effective July 1, 2022, the Organization is recording these costs in
accordance with ASC 842. Adoption of the new standard did not materially impact the Organization’s financial
statements.
Future minimum rentals to be received under existing noncancelable operating leases, excluding reimbursable
expenses, at June 30, 2023 are as follows:
2024 $ 175,502
2025 160,877

Total $ 336,379
Note 14—Subsequent events
The Organization evaluated subsequent events through December 21, 2023, when these financial statements
were available to be issued. Subsequent to June 30, 2023, the Organization obtained a revolving line of credit
from its primary financial institution allowing for maximum borrowings of $2,000,000 for certain capital projects.
This arrangement bears interest at a variable rate (initially 4.25% at inception) and matures in July 2025 when
all outstanding principal and accrued unpaid interest is due. Additionally, the Organization has been awarded a
grant contract of approximately $2,500,000 by the Metropolitan Government of Nashville to construct
26 additional affordable housing units. Amounts will be accessible under this grant contract on a cost
reimbursement basis after the project begins.

18


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION
AND COMPLIANCE REPORTS
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
PARK CENTER, INC.
SCHEDULE OF EXPENDITURES OF FEDERAL AWARDS AND
STATE FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE
YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2023
Federal Assistance Pass Through
Federal Grantor / Pass-through Grantor Listing Number Grantor's Number Expenditures
Federal Awards:
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD)
Passed through Metropolitan Development and Housing
Agency of Nashville and Davidson County, Tennessee
Emergency Solutions Grant Program 14.231 N/A $ 30,515
COVID-19 Emergency Solutions Grant 14.231.119 N/A 859,524
Continuum of Care Program 14,267 TN0376L4J042100 21,565
Total HUD 911,604
U.S. Department of Health & Human Services (HHS)
Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration
Treatment for Persons Experiencing Homelessness 93.243 5H79SM08066-04 161,496
Treatment for Persons Experiencing Homelessness 93.243 5H79SM08066-05 223,506
Total Program 93.243 385,002
U.S. Department of Health & Human Services (HHS)
Passed through State of Tennessee, Department of Mental
Health and Substance Abuse Services
Block Grants for Community Mental Health Services
Supported Employment IPS Trainer 93.958 74683 305,799
Supported Employment IPS Trainer Expansion 93.958 76880 138,303
Supported Employment Initiative 93.958 74682 215,464
Supported Employment Initiative Expansion 93.958 76696 188,889
Community Targeted Transitional Support 93.958 74704 49,580
COVID Relief 93.958 72792 151,228
COVID-ARPA 93.958 DGA 77421 2023-2025 012 142,263
Total Program 93.958 1,191,526
U.S. Department of Health & Human Services (HHS)
Passed through State of Tennessee, Department of Mental
Health and Substance Abuse Services
Adult Continuum of Care 93.959 DGA 65804 2022-2023 025 59,675
Total Program 93.959 59,675
Total HHS 1,636,203
Total Federal Awards 2,547,807
State Financial Assistance:
State of Tennessee, Department of Mental Health and
Substance Abuse Services
Consumer Housing Specialist NIA 66559 62,262
Community Supportive Housing N/A 74138 677,520
Regional Housing Facilitator NIA 70216 189,752
Regional Housing Facilitator-CHI-2 NIA 70203 97,726
Emerging Adult Services N/A 74620 598,000
Supplemental Liaison N/A 66237 65,321
Infrastructure Grant Initiative N/A 79356 353,914
Total State of Tennessee, Department of —_
Mental Health and Substance Abuse Services 2,044,495
Total State Financial Assistance 2,044,495
Total Federal Awards and State Financial Assistance $ 4,592,302
19


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3F06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
PARK CENTER, INC.
NOTES TO THE SCHEDULE OF EXPENDITURES OF FEDERAL AWARDS AND
STATE FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE
YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2023
ae eee SS
Note 1—Basis of accounting
The accompanying schedule of expenditures of federal awards and state financial assistance (the “Schedule”)
includes the award activity of Park Center, Inc. (the “Organization”) under programs of federal and state
governments for the year ended June 30, 2023. The information in this Schedule is presented in accordance
with the requirements of Title 2 U.S. Code of Federal Regulations Part 200, Uniform Administrative
Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards ("Uniform Guidance”).
Note 2—Summary of significant accounting policies
Expenditures are reported on the accrual basis of accounting. Such expenditures are recognized following the
cost principles contained in the Uniform Guidance, wherein certain types of expenditures are not allowable or
are listed as to reimbursement.
The Organization expended indirect costs using a multiple allocation base method and did not elect to use the
10% de minimis cost rate allowed under the Uniform Guidance.
The Organization did not have expenditures to subrecipients during the fiscal year.
Note 3—Contingencies
This program is subject to financial and compliance audits by the grantor agency. The amount, if any, of
expenditures that may be disallowed by the grantor agencies cannot be determined at this time, although the
Organization expects such amounts, if any, to be immaterial.

20


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3F06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E

@ up
w:™ Cherry Bekaert

» Your Guide Forward

Report of Independent Auditor on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and on
Compliance and Other Matters Based on an Audit of Financial Statements
Performed in Accordance with Government Auditing Standards
To the Board of Directors
Park Center, Inc.
Nashville, Tennessee
We have audited, in accordance with the auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America
and the standards applicable to financial audits contained in Government Auditing Standards issued by the
Comptroller General of the United States the financial statements of Park Center, Inc. (a nonprofit organization),
which comprise the statement of financial position as of June 30, 2023, and the related statements of activities,
functional expenses, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes to the financial statements,
and have issued our report thereon dated December 21, 2023.
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
In planning and performing our audit of the financial statements, we considered Park Center, Inc.’s internal
control over financial reporting (“internal control’) as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances for the purpose of expressing our opinion on the financial statements, but not for the
purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of Park Center, Inc.'s internal control. Accordingly, we do
not express an opinion on the effectiveness of Park Center, Inc.’s internal control.
A deficiency in internal control exists when the design or operation of a control does not allow management or
employees, in the normal course of performing their assigned functions, to prevent, or detect and correct,
misstatements, on a timely basis. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in
internal control, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the entity's financial
statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected, on a timely basis. A significant deficiency is a
deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control that is less severe than a material weakness, yet
important enough to merit attention by those charged with governance.
Our consideration of internal control was for the limited purpose described in the first paragraph of this section
and was not designed to identify all deficiencies in internal control that might be material weaknesses or
significant deficiencies. Given these limitations, during our audit we did not identify any deficiencies in internal
control that we consider to be material weaknesses. However, material weaknesses or significant deficiencies
may exist that were not identified.
Report on Compliance and Other Matters
As part of obtaining reasonable assurance about whether Park Center, Inc.’s financial statements are free from
material misstatement, we performed tests of its compliance with certain provisions of laws, regulations,
contracts, and grant agreements, noncompliance with which could have a direct and material effect on the
financial statements. However, providing an opinion on compliance with those provisions was not an objective of
our audit and, accordingly, we do not express such an opinion. The results of our tests disclosed no instances of
noncompliance or other matters that are required to be reported under Government Auditing Standards.
cbh.com 21
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3F06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
Purpose of This Report
The purpose of this report is solely to describe the scope of our testing of internal control and compliance and
the results of that testing, and not to provide an opinion on the effectiveness of the organization's internal control
or on compliance. This report is an integral part of an audit performed in accordance with Government Auditing
Standards in considering the organization's internal control and compliance. Accordingly, this communication is
not suitable for any other purpose.
Nashville, Tennessee
December 21, 2023

22


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3F06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
@e uP
—} Cherry Bekaert
Your Guide Forward
Report of Independent Auditor on Compliance for Each Major Program
and on Internal Control over Compliance Required by the Uniform Guidance
To the Board of Directors
Park Center, Inc.
Nashville, Tennessee
Report on Compliance for Each Major Federal Program
Opinion on Each Major Federal Program
We have audited Park Center Inc’s (the “Organization”) compliance with the types of compliance requirements
identified as subject to audit in the OMB Compliance Supplement that could have a direct and material effect on
each of Park Center Inc’s major federal programs for the year ended June 30, 2023. Park Center Inc.'s major
federal programs are identified in the Summary of Auditor's Results section of the accompanying schedule of
findings and questioned costs.
In our opinion, Park Center Inc. complied, in all material respects, with the types of compliance requirements
referred to above that could have a direct and material effect on each of its major federal programs for the year
ended June 30, 2023.
Basis for Opinion on Each Major Federal Program
We conducted our audit of compliance in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United
States of America; the standards applicable to financial audits contained in Government Auditing Standards,
issued by the Comptroller General of the United States; and the audit requirements of Title 2 U.S. Code of
Federal Regulations Part 200, Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements
for Federal Awards ("Uniform Guidance”). Our responsibilities under those standards and the Uniform Guidance
are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of Compliance section of our report.
We are required to be independent of the Organization and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in
accordance with relevant ethical requirements relating to our audit. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion on compliance for each major federal
program. Our audit does not provide a legal determination of the Organization's compliance with the compliance
requirements referred to above.
Responsibilities of Management for Compliance
Management is responsible for compliance with the requirements referred to above and for the design,
implementation, and maintenance of effective internal control over compliance with the requirements of laws,
statutes, regulations, rules, and provisions of contracts or grant agreements applicable to Park Center Inc.'s
federal programs.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of Compliance
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether material noncompliance with the compliance
requirements referred to above occurred, whether due to fraud or error, and express an opinion on the
Organization's compliance based on our audit. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not
absolute assurance and, therefore, is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with generally
accepted auditing standards, Government Auditing Standards, and the Uniform Guidance will always detect
material noncompliance when it exists. The risk of not detecting material noncompliance resulting from fraud is
higher than for that resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Noncompliance with the compliance requirements
referred to above is considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, it
would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user of the report on compliance about the Organization's
compliance with the requirements of each major federal program as a whole.
cbh.com 23


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3F06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
In performing an audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, Government Auditing
Standards, and the Uniform Guidance, we:

e Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.

e Identify and assess the risks of material noncompliance, whether due to fraud or error, and design and
perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test
basis, evidence regarding the Organization’s compliance with the compliance requirements referred to
above and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances.

e Obtain an understanding of the Organization's internal control over compliance relevant to the audit in
order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances and to test and report on
internal control over compliance in accordance with the Uniform Guidance, but not for the purpose of
expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Organization’s internal control over compliance.
Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed.

We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the
planned scope and timing of the audit and any significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in internal
control over compliance that we identified during the audit.
Report on Internal Control over Compliance
A deficiency in internal control over compliance exists when the design or operation of a control over compliance
does not allow management or employees, in the normal course of performing their assigned functions, to
prevent, or detect and correct, noncompliance with a type of compliance requirement of a federal program on a
timely basis. A material weakness in internal control over compliance is a deficiency, or a combination of
deficiencies, in internal control over compliance, such that there is a reasonable possibility that material
noncompliance with a type of compliance requirement of a federal program will not be prevented, or detected
and corrected, on a timely basis. A significant deficiency in internal control over compliance is a deficiency, or a
combination of deficiencies, in internal control over compliance with a type of compliance requirement ofa
federal program that is less severe than a material weakness in internal control over compliance, yet important
enough to merit attention by those charged with governance.
Our consideration of internal control over compliance was for the limited purpose described in the Auditor's
Responsibilities for the Audit of Compliance section above and was not designed to identify all deficiencies in
internal control over compliance that might be material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in internal control
over compliance. Given these limitations, during our audit we did not identify any deficiencies in internal control
over compliance that we consider to be material weaknesses, as defined above. However, material weaknesses
or significant deficiencies in internal control over compliance may exist that were not identified.
Our audit was not designed for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of internal control over
compliance. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed.
The purpose of this report on internal control over compliance is solely to describe the scope of our testing of
internal control over compliance and the results of that testing based on the requirements of the Uniform
Guidance. Accordingly, this report is not suitable for any other purpose.
Nashville, Tennessee
December 21, 2023

24


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
PARK CENTER, INC.
SCHEDULE OF FINDINGS AND QUESTIONED COSTS
YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2023
a es
Section |—Summary of Auditor's Results
Financial Statement Section
Type of auditor's report issued on whether financial
statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP: Unmodified
Internal control over financial reporting:
Material weakness(es) identified? Yes xX No
Significant deficiency(ies) identified? Yes XK None Reported
Noncompliance material to financial
statements noted? Yes X No
Federal Awards
Internal control over major programs:
Material weakness(es) identified? Yes xX No
Significant deficiency(ies) identified? Yes xX None Reported
Type of auditor's report on compliance for
major programs: Unmodified
Any audit findings disclosed that are required to be
reported in accordance with 2 CFR 200.516(a)? Yes X No
identification of Major Program
Name of Federal Program or Cluster Assistance Listing Number(s)
Emergency Soultions Grant Program 14.231
Dollar threshold used to distinguish between $ 750,000
Type A and Type B programs
Auditee qualified as low-risk auditee? X Yes No
Section II—Financial Statement Findings
This section identifies the significant deficiencies, material weaknesses, and instances of noncompliance related
to the financial statements that are required to be reported in accordance with Government Auditing Standards.
There were no findings required to be reported in accordance with Government Auditing Standards.
Section III—Federal Award Findings and Questioned Costs
This section identifies the significant deficiencies, material weaknesses, and material instances of
noncompliance, including questioned costs, as well as any material abuse findings, related to the audit of major
programs, as required to be reported by 2 CFR 200.516(a).
There were no findings required to be reported by 2 CFR 200.516(a).
25


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
PARK CENTER, INC.
SUMMARY SCHEDULE OF PRIOR YEAR FINDINGS
YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2023
iE
There were no prior findings reported.
26
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
ARCHIVE
