; o @ . oo ) a a
7 7 Fk ie
8 t RECEIVE: i
JUNL 01979
| METROPOL ray: |
CLERK I
CONTRACT
THIS CONTRACT, MADE AND ENTERED INTO BETWEEN THE
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY,
TENNESSEE, A PUBLIC CORPORATION OF THE STATE OF TENNESSEE,
AND THE METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE AIRPORT AUTHORITY, A PUBLIC
CORPORATION OF THE STATE OF TENNESSEE, THIS SH ay OF
Jue » 1970,
WITNESS ETH:
WHEREAS, Public Chapter 174 of the Public Acts of the
86th General Assembly of the State of Tennessee, 1969 Session,
authorized the creation of the Metropolitan Nashville Airport
Authority; and
WHEREAS, the Metropolitan Council, by the adoption of
Resolutions No. 70-872 and No. 70-941, have created the
- Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority; and
WHEREAS, Section 4 of said Act provides that the Authority
~ and the creating municipality shall enter into an agreement
for the orderly transfer to the Authority of the Airport proper.
ties, functions and outstanding obligations of the municipality.
Section 4 further provides that the agreement may provide for
reimbursement to the municipality for its obligations issued
for Airport purposes; and
WHEREAS, Section 7 of the Act provides that the Authority
may contract with the creating municipality for pension, dis-
ability, hospitalization and death benefits for the officers
and employees of the Authority};
Now, therefore, in accordance with the above, The Metro-
politan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, Tennessee,
ARCHIVE


ety @ 2. @ ae
a a : . a 7

and the Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority covenant

as follows:

1. The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson

County, Tennessee, shall transfer to the Metropolitan Nashville

Airport Authority all right, title and interest to Airport

property within the boundaries of the Nashville Metropolitan

Airport as set out on the attached Exhibit "A", Said transfer

shall provide for the assumption by the Metropolitan Nashville

Airport Authority of all obligations and assurances to the

United States of America contained in the various Grant

Agreements and/or Surplus Property Instruments of Transfer

between the United States and the City of Nashville and/or

The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson ‘County,

Tennessee. The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson

County, Tennessee, hereby transfem to the Metropolitan Nashville

Airport Authority all right, title and interest to all leases,

agreements, privileges, or other arrangements, which relate

to the property transferred by this section or which relate

to the Airport operation at the Nashville Metropolitan Airport.

The Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority hereby assumes

all such leases, agreements, privileges or other arrangements.

2. The Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority agrees to

assume the outstanding debt on the following listed general

obligation bonds issued by the Metropolitan Government and

the former City of Nashville for Airport purposes:
Municipal Airport Bonds 1935 $ 100,000.00
Airport Extension Bonds 1939 100,000.00
Airport Extension Bonds 1942 500,000,00
Airport Improvement Bonds 1945 300,000.00
Airport Improvement Bonds 1950 200,000.00
Airport Tower & Terminal Impr Bds 1953 200,000.00
Airport Land Acq Bds 1954 375,000.00
Airport Improv Bds 1955 1,500,000.00
Airport Runway Constr Bds 1958 500,000,008
Airport Impr Bds 1959 - Ser. A 1,000,000.00
Airport Impr Bds 1959 - Ser. B 2,500,000,00
Multipurpose Equip & Impr Bds 1965 700,000.00

The Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority agrees to pay

to The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County

an amount sufficient to retire these bonds,,which payments

shall be made on the respective maturity dates.

~Qe .


3. The Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority agrees to
pay to The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson
County, Tennessee, over a ten (10) year period in equal annual
increments to be paid on July 1, 1970, and each succeeding
July 1, or from the proceeds of its first bond issue, the total
amount of $2,908,885.85, This amount represents the equity
which The Metropolitan Government has in the Nashville
Metropolitan Airport,
4, The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson
County, Tennessee, conveys all its right, title and interest
to all personal property related to the operation of the
Airport and used for Airport purposes, which is more specifically
set out on the Attached Exhibit "B", to the Metropolitan Nash-
ville Airport Authority. It is the intention of the parties
that all personal property relating to the present Airport
operation shall be transferred to the Metropolitan Nashville
Airport Authority. Therefore, should any personal property
have been inadvertently omitted from the attached Exhibit "B"
or purchased since the date Exhibit "B" was compiled, said
personal property should be and, therefore, is transferred to
the Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority.
5. The Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority agrees that
in all leases of its property in Metropolitan Nashville except
those leases for space in buildings owned by the Authority,
the lease shall provide for payment of a full tax equivalent
by the Lessee to the Metropolitan Government,
6. The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson
County, Tennessee, and the Nashville Metropolitan Airport
Authority shall enter into a contract with the proper Board
~3-
ARCHIVE


vite eo |... ® ora,
or Commission, which contract shall protect fully the pension,
health, hospitalization, life insurance, and other benefits
presently enjoyed by the employees of the Department of Aviation
of the Metropolitan Government. Such contract shall provide
for the full payment of the employer's contribution in the
above benefit plan by the Airport Authority to the Metro-
politan Government. Said contract may provide that all future
employees of the Authority may take advantage of the various
pension and other benefits the same as if they were employees
of the Metropolitan Government.
7, The Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority agrees to
assume all of the employees presently employed by the Depart-
ment of Aviation of the Metropolitan Government and to protect
fully the civil service rights and status of these employees.
8. In any resolution, indenture or proceedings authorizing
the issuance of Airport Revenue Bonds by the Metropolitan
Nashville Airport Authority the obligations assumed hereunder
by the Authority shall enjoy rank and priority as follows:

(a) The obligations assumed by the Authority under
Sections 1 and 2 hereof shall be subordinated only to the ;
expenses of operating and maintaining the Airport and principal
of and interest on any Airport Revenue Bonds of the Authority
outstanding from time to time;

(b) The obligations assumed under Section 6 hereof
shall be treated as expenses of operating and maintaining
the Airport.

The Authority further agrees that any Airport use
agreement entered into between the Authority and any scheduled
air carrier shall provide for flight or landing fees

ye


oa fab, i" ve .
which will be sufficient to pay Airport expenses, after the
deduction of Airport income other than flight or landing fees,
and that Airport expenses shall include, but not be limited to:

(a) Expenses of operating and maintaining the Airport
(b) Principal of and interest and reasonable reserves
on Airport Revenue Bonds of the Authority outstanding from
time to time; and
(ec) The obligations assumed by the Authority under
Sections 1 and 2 hereof.
9, The Metropolitan Mayor, after approval of this contract
by the Metropolitan County Council shall enter into all agree-
ments necessary to effectuate the purposes of this contract
and the purposes of Chapter 174 of the Public Acts of the
State of Tennessee, 1969,
10, The Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority agrees
that it will annually submit to the Metropolitan Planning
Commission a copy of its Capital Improvements Budget so that
that budget may be coordinated with overall planning activities.
The Authority further agrees that it will fully carry out the
provisions of 11,505 of the Metropolitan Charter.
In consideration of the above covenants, the parties
hereunder execute and sign this instrument the day and date
above written.
Authorized by Ordinance No. 7O0-s/75"
THE METROPO) ITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE
ATTEST: AND OW ep ON Y See
W. xn. Caer fp By KG pf es
etropolitan er. netrope pene onF y Mayor
ATTEST: METROPQLITAN WASHVILLE AIRPORL, AUTHORITY
Choves a Bre IE By Gok CQ. pai
Chairman
APPROVED AS TO FORM
AND LEGALITY:
pene EB mr
etropolitan torney
-5-
er 1.09.) \'/=
