Page 1 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
Document # 
License Date 
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF 
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE 
ACTING BY AND THROUGH THE AUTHORITY DELEGATED TO 
THE FAIRGROUNDS 
BY THE METROPOLITAN BOARD OF FAIR COMMISSIONS 
 THE FAIRGROUNDS LICENSE AGREEMENT 
building(s) as is, with its present lighting, and if available, toilet facilities, water, heat, and office space for 
only the purpose of 
1.
Definitions.
a.
“Concessionaire” means D&D Events, the contracted concessionaire/caterer of The
Fairgrounds. 
b.
“Licensor” means the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County acting
by and through the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners.
c.
“Licensee” or “Promoter” means the entity or person(s) who possesses the rights covered
herein as granted by the Licensor.
d.
“Executive Director” or “Director” means the Executive Director of The Fairgrounds. The
Executive Director shall have full responsibility for the operation of The Fairgrounds and
shall act for and on behalf of Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County
and the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners in the management of The
Fairgrounds.
By and Between the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners (“Licensor”) and        
(“Licensee”) to Wit: The Licensor agrees to furnish the Licensee the use of the following premises: 
The Racetrack
Eamotion Holiday Light Show December 4,2020- January 3, 2021 
Eamotion, LLC
DocuSign Envelope ID: CA175E3C-79F0-44A4-960F-F0E40516A3F2
A Matter #:A-42290
ARCHIVE


Page 2 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
e.
“The Fairgrounds” or “Premises” describes the 117 acre property, bordered  by Nolensville
Pike, Craighead Street, and Bransford Avenue and Wedgewood Avenue owned by the
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and managed by the Metropolitan
Board of Fair Commissioners. The term “The Fairgrounds” may also be used in reference to
“the Licensor” as identified in section 1. a.
f.
“Fairgrounds Office” or “Fairgrounds Staff” means the Executive Director, Secretary, or
Fairgrounds employee charged with organizing the event on behalf of the Executive Director.
2.
Term.
a.
This license agreement becomes effective upon execution by all parties for use of the
b.
. 
c.
Move-Out Date:
d.
e.
f.
The dates and times set forth above shall control in the event of any conflict with any other
move-in and move-out provisions set forth in this Agreement.
3.
Rent and Rates.
a.
Rent: 
The Licensee agrees to pay the Licensor the sum of
equipment and misc. rentals for the use of the premises.
$
plus taxes, 
b.
General Deposits: One-Half (½) of the total amount due is required as a non-refundable
deposit upon signing this license agreement, and both the agreement & deposit must be
tendered within 10 business days after the License Date. A bank cashier’s check for the
remaining balance is due before Move-In.
c.
Clean Up- Fee Deposits. There is a refundable $1000.00 clean-up fee and damage deposit for
all events held in The Fairgrounds Speedway and Grandstands, Fair Park and Brown’s Creek
Lot. There is a refundable $500.00 clean-up and damage deposit per building rented. After
inspection, if no clean-up is required and there are no damages to the premises, the deposit
referenced in this subsection shall be returned.
d.
Move-In and Move-Out: The Licensor will allow the Licensee a ½ day Move-In (hereinafter
“Move-In day”) beginning at noon on the day before the first day of the term of this License as
listed in Section 2.a. and 2.b. of this agreement. It is understood by the Licensee that no other 
use of the premises other than set-up will be permitted on Move-In days. The Licensee agrees
to pay to the Licensor “additional rent” equal to ½ day rental (hereinafter “Additional
Rent”) if the Licensee moves in before noon on move in day, or if the Licensee sells,
trades, opens to the public, displays, or swaps on Move-In day. Additional rent is also due
for each ½ day that the Licensee occupies the premises over and above the Move-In day, the
term of this License, or each ½ day the Licensee occupies the premises beyond midnight the last
day of the term of this License. (See Section 12 on Vacation and Surrender of Premises). All
rents shall be in the form of a bank cashier’s check.
4.
Building Layout. The Licensee must submit a complete building diagram set up to The Fairgrounds
Office Staff at least 10 business days prior to the event in order to receive Metro Fire Marshal
approval. Failure to comply with this requirement may result in closure of the show or delayed opening
premises beginning 11/29/2020 and ending_01/05/2021
Move-In Date: 11/29/2020 
and Time: 
. 
7:00 AM
01/05/2021 and Time 12:00 PM
30,000.00
Event start date:____
   12/04/2020and Time TBD
Event end date: __               
01/03/2021 and Time: TBD
DocuSign Envelope ID: CA175E3C-79F0-44A4-960F-F0E40516A3F2
ARCHIVE


Page 3 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
of the event. The Licensee will assume full responsibility for obtaining Metro Fire Marshal approval on 
diagrams not received in Fairgrounds office 10 business days prior to the event. A penalty will be 
assessed of $50 per day until the approved diagram is received. * There shall be NO ELECTRICAL 
CORDS on the ground where the public walks per Metro Codes Dept. 
5.
Inspection of Facilities. The Fairgrounds will perform a building and grounds walk-through
inspection with the Licensee (normal wear and tear expected) to review the condition of the
facilities, prior to turning the facilities over for the Licensee’s event. Any pre-existing damage
shall be noted and signed by both the Licensee and the Licensor. If appropriate, photographs
may also be taken. A post event walk- through shall also be conducted by The Fairgrounds. The
licensee is free to participate in said walk-through.
6.
Protection of The Fairgrounds’ Property. The licensee agrees to return to its former condition
that part of the premises used by the Licensee and to remove all equipment such as floors, booths,
platforms, and wiring erected by the Licensee. The Licensee further agrees to pay the cost of any
and all installations made, and is accountable for all tables, chairs, and miscellaneous items rented.
7.
Financial Responsibility for total Repair and Clean-up Costs.
a.
Licensee shall be financially responsible for all clean-up and/or damages to The
Fairgrounds and damage to or loss of any of the property or equipment of The Fairgrounds
resulting from the activities or use of The Fairgrounds by the Licensee or Licensee’s
representatives, employees, agents, vendors, contractors, members, suppliers and attendees
that exceed the deposit amount(s) referenced in subsection (3)(c); and/or injury to any
person resulting from the activities or use of The Fairgrounds by the Licensee or
Licensee’s representatives, employees, agents, vendors, contractors, members, suppliers
and attendees.
b.
The Licensee shall be financially responsible for the costs of repairing any damage done to
fairgrounds buildings, roads, grass lots, fencing or other property caused by Licensee or
their representatives, employees, agents, vendors, contractors, members, suppliers and
attendees.
c.
The usage of tape or adhesives results in chipped and damaged paint on the premises and,
therefore, neither tape nor similar adhesive shall be placed on walls or doors. Costs to
repair tape and adhesive damage to walls and doors caused by the violation of the
preceding sentence will be charged to the Licensee. Use of confetti is prohibited.
d.
If there is damage to turf due to, but not limited to, the movement of large equipment,
garbage dumpsters, stages, crowds, or other vehicles and equipment resulting from the
activities or use of The Fairgrounds by the Licensee or Licensee’s representatives,
employees, agents, vendors, contractors, members, suppliers and attendees, site restoration
must include, but is not limited to, leveling, aerification, overseeeding, and
fertilization. Restoration plan must be approved by The Fairgrounds prior to beginning any
work.
DocuSign Envelope ID: CA175E3C-79F0-44A4-960F-F0E40516A3F2
ARCHIVE


e.
The Fairgrounds will not accept the assignment of insurance benefits for such repairs.
In the event of damage for which Licensee is responsible under this Agreement, the
Licensee shall be given photographs of the damaged property and a bill for the
reasonable, out-of-pocket, documented cost of the repairs. Licensee will then have 14
business days from the date that the repair charges are presented to the Licensee to
render their payment in full to the Licensee. If legal action is required to collect the
repair costs from the Licensee, the Licensee shall also pay for such resulting legal fees
and court costs.
f.
The provisions of this Section 7 and Section 33 herein below shall not apply to the
contributory extent of the negligence or wrongful acts of Licensor or its agents,
employees or representatives.
DocuSign Envelope ID: CA175E3C-79F0-44A4-960F-F0E40516A3F2
ARCHIVE


Page 4 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
8.
Insurance.
a.
The licensee agrees to furnish broad form comprehensive general liability insurance in
the amount of $1,000,000.00 and property damage coverage in the amount of
$25,000.00.
b.
Automobile liability is required in the amount of 1,000,000 (if the contractor will be
making deliveries on site or loading/unloading on site).
c.
Licensee shall maintain workers’ compensation insurance with statutory limits required
by the State of Tennessee or other applicable laws and Employer’s Liability Insurance
with limits of no less than 100,000 dollars, as required by the laws of Tennessee (not
required for companies with fewer than 5 employees).
d.
The policy is to be written so as to name as “additional insured” and protect
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, the Board of Fair
Commissioners, it officers, agents, servants, employees, and the Executive Director from
loss or liability and is to be delivered to the office of the Executive Director prior to taking
possession of the premises by the Licensee.
e.
Further, the Licensee shall indemnify, exonerate, insure, and hold harmless the Licensor
from any and all claims for damages, losses, or injuries, resulting from, arising out of, or in
any way connected with, directly or indirectly, the use of the premises, whether said
claims be made by employees, agents, or servants of the parties hereto or by third parties,
except such damages, losses or injuries, as may result solely from negligence or
willful misconduct by the Licensor or its agents, employees or representatives. Licensee
further agrees to defend Licensor in any legal proceedings or to pay Licensor its
reasonable attorney fees for defending itself against any such claim.
f.
The policy shall begin coverage at Move-In time and be carried through Move-Out
time.
Security. The Licensee agrees to furnish a Security Plan to The Fairgrounds at least 30 days prior 
to the event and include sufficient security officers and/or police officers to maintain law and order. 
Certain events may be required to have a minimum number of Metro Police Officers to be paid for 
by the Licensee for traffic control. 
9.
Vacation of Premises and Surrender.
a.
All events held outside the buildings on Monday-Thursday & Sunday nights must end no
later than 10 p.m. All events held outside on Friday & Saturday nights must end no later
than 11 p.m. All events held inside the buildings must end no later than 11:00 p.m. CST.
Licensee will be charged a penalty not less than 25% of the rental cost per additional hour
fee/per building or facility if the event end times are not adhered to or the facilities are not
vacated of all persons by the time specified in section 2.
b.
If Licensee fails to surrender the premises to The Fairgrounds at the expiration of the term
for use stated herein, then The Fairgrounds may remove from the premises all effects
remaining therein and store the same wherever it sees fit at Licensee’s cost, expense, and
risk. The Fairgrounds shall not be liable to Licensee for removing and storing such effects.
For such additional periods as any effects of Licensee remain at The Fairgrounds, Licensee
shall pay The Fairgrounds double the rate for the space. In addition, Licensee shall be
liable to The Fairgrounds for any claim or damages suffered by The Fairgrounds resulting
from Licensee’s failure to surrender the premises to The Fairgrounds in as good condition
as Licensee received the same (normal wear and tear excepted).
10.
Cancellation. No event cancellations will be accepted by The Fairgrounds except as provided in
Sections 12 and 42 of this license. Licensee shall be responsible for 100% of the rent on all
DocuSign Envelope ID: CA175E3C-79F0-44A4-960F-F0E40516A3F2
ARCHIVE


Page 5 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
licensed premises regardless of actual use or occupancy. This license shall not be signed for a term 
in excess of one year from the contract date. 
11. Termination. Should Licensee fail to fulfill in a timely and proper manner its material
obligations under this license or if it should violate any material terms of this license, the
Licensor shall have the right to immediately terminate the license. Such termination shall not
relieve  Licensee  of any liability to the Licensor for damages sustained by virtue of any breach
by Licensee. Should funding for this contract be discontinued, the Licensor shall have the right
to terminate this license if such breach has not been cured within five (5) business days of
Licensee’s receipt of written notice thereof from Licensor to Licensee. The Licensor may terminate
this license at any time upon thirty
(30) days written notice to Licensee in which event Licensee shall have no further liability to
Licensor and Licensee’s obligations hereunder shall be excused.
12. Default by Licensee. Licensee shall be in default of this agreement: 1) if it fails to pay any amounts
due under this License, 2) if it breaches any provision of this License or of any rules and regulations
promulgated by The Fairgrounds, 3) if it violates any applicable federal, state, or local laws during
its use of the premises, or 4) if it should dissolve or cease doing business, become insolvent or
bankrupt. Upon default by Licensee, The Fairgrounds may in its sole discretion:
a.
Terminate the contract immediately, and declare the entire License fee for the balance of
the term due and payable.
b.
Reenter and relet the property or any part thereof, or operate the same, for the balance of
the Term, receive rents there from and apply them first to expenses of making necessary
repairs to the premises, attorney’s fees, and all other reasonable expenses of Fairgrounds in
reentering the premises and reletting the premises, and second, to the payment of the
license fee hereunder.
c.
Terminate this license by giving Licensee written notice of termination, which shall not excuse
breaches of this License, having already occurred. Upon termination, the relation of the parties
shall be the same as if the term had fully expired and the said Fairgrounds may reenter the
premises and remove all persons there from and resort to any legal proceedings to obtain
possession and Licensee shall, notwithstanding such reentry, pay the full amount of said rental as
herein agreed to be paid together with any other reasonable, out-of-pocket, documented costs,
expenses, or damages incurred by The Fairgrounds as result of breach of this Agreement and solely to 
the extent not caused by any negligence or willful misconduct by the Licensor or its agents, employees 
or representatives).
d.
Pursue any other remedies available to the Licensor either at law or equity. Licensor shall
be under no obligation to relet the Premises.
13. Default by The Fairgrounds. The Fairgrounds shall be in default of this License if it fails to
provide the Premises at the time required by this License. In the event of default by The
Fairgrounds the liability of The Fairgrounds shall be limited to the return to the Licensee of the
unearned rent paid to The Fairgrounds under this License.
14. Maintenance of Records. Licensee shall maintain documentation for all charges against the
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County. The books, records, and documents
of Licensee, insofar as they relate to work performed or money received under the license
agreement, shall be maintained for a period of three (3) full years from the date of final payment
and will be subject to audit, at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by the Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County or its duly appointed representatives. The records
shall be maintained in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
15. Modification of Contract. This contract may be modified only by written amendment executed
by all parties and their signatories hereto.
16. Partnership/Joint Venture. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to create a
partnership or joint venture between the parties or to create the relationship of principal and agent
DocuSign Envelope ID: CA175E3C-79F0-44A4-960F-F0E40516A3F2
ARCHIVE


Page 6 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
between or among any of the parties. None of the parties hereto shall hold itself out in a manner 
contrary to the terms of this paragraph. No party shall become liable for any representation, act or 
omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph. 
17. Like Shows. Significantly Similar Shows: It is the desire of The Fairgrounds to have a
complimentary mix of entertainment events for the mutual benefit of the public and the promoters.
Events that are of a significantly similar nature may affect attendance  and/or  appeal  to  the
public. Therefore, The Fairgrounds reserves the right to require a reasonable period of time
between scheduling events that are significantly similar in nature.
18. Concessions. The Fairgrounds reserves for itself, its agents, contractors, or concessionaires the
sole right to the following sales and services: sales and serving of all food, beverages (alcoholic
& non-alcoholic). Sales and serving of all food and beverages (alcoholic and non-alcoholic) must
utilize the, Concessionaire as contracted by the Metropolitan Government. The Fairgrounds will
initiate and facilitate contact between the Licensee and Concessionaire for event planning
purposes. If the Concessionaire is unable or unwilling to provide service based on reasonable
request as determined by The Fairgrounds, an alternative vendor, properly licensed by the TABC
and/or permitted Metro Beer Permit Board may be engaged upon written authorization by The
Fairgrounds to the Licensee.
a.
Licensee
will 
need 
Beer/Alcoholic 
Beverages served 
at 
the 
event: Yes
No 
b.
By entering into this License Agreement, Licensee hereby represents and warrants that it
will neither furnish beer/alcoholic beverages to the public, guests, and/or invitees nor
allow such to be brought onto the property except as provided in Section18. a. above.
c.
NO BOOTHS or EXHIBITS are allowed to be within 10 ft. of any the concession
stand.
19. Utilities. The Fairgrounds will provide (if available inside buildings) customary lighting, heating,
air conditioning, and water at no additional cost to the Licensee. There shall be a charge for using
electric wall outlets for use inside buildings. Authorized use of outdoor utilities shall be priced in
advanced and noted in an addendum to this agreement.
20. Portable Restrooms. The Licensee is responsible for providing sufficient portable restrooms and
hand washing stations or sanitizing stations to accommodate the size of the event. One portable
restroom for every 100 people is required for all special events that do not provide beverages and
one portable restroom for every 50 people is required for special events providing beverages.
Handwashing or sanitizing stations are required for every 150 people. Portable restrooms must be
provided by event organizer if estimated attendance exceeds the capacity of available restroom
facilities within the footprint of the event.
21. Parking Fees. The Fairgrounds reserves the right to charge a parking fee for all events held at The
Fairgrounds.. 
22. Licenses and Taxes. Licensee shall obtain at its own expense all licenses and permits required by
law, and Licensee shall pay all taxes, fees, and charges required by any governmental authority in
connection with its use of the premises.
23. Lien. The Licensee hereby grants to The Fairgrounds a first lien on all property of the Licensee,
whether from ticket sales or any other source, to secure the payment of rent, taxes, charges or
damages herein covenanted to be paid by the Licensee, for the purpose of securing the performance
of any and all covenants, conditions, or obligations arising under this License. In the event of
X
DocuSign Envelope ID: CA175E3C-79F0-44A4-960F-F0E40516A3F2
ARCHIVE


Page 7 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
default The Fairgrounds may take possession of any and all of said property including box office 
receipts and hold the same until such default has been remedied, and if not remedied or satisfied 
within ten (10) days of such default The Fairgrounds may advertise said property or properties for 
sale and upon such sale apply the proceeds to the satisfaction of any amounts due The Fairgrounds 
and shall pay to the Licensee any sums remaining. This remedy is not exclusive, and The 
Fairgrounds may at its discretion pursue any appropriate remedy to recover all or any deficits 
remaining on the above mentioned rents, charges, and other sums. 
24. Control. The Fairgrounds reserves the right throughout the Term to control the operation and
management of the premises. The Fairgrounds Executive Director and staff have the right to enter
the premises at any time for any purpose, including removal of any person who, in the sole
judgment, of the Executive Director or designated assistants, is disrupting or obstructing the proper
operation and management of the premises.
25. Use of Premises. The Executive Director and staff may use any part of the premises during Move-
In, during Move-Out, and at any time Licensee is not actively using the particular part of the
premises, so long as the Executive Director’s use does not interfere with the Licensee’s use.
26. Hazardous Property. Licensee shall not bring upon the premises any exhibit, equipment or
vehicles which, in the sole reasonable judgment of the Executive Director, would be or might be
dangerous to persons or property or otherwise incompatible with the structure, systems, and
furnishings of the premises.
27. Copyrights, Royalties, and Trademarks. Licensee warrants that no music, literary or artistic
work or other property protected by copyrighted will be performed, reproduced or used, nor will
the name of any entity protected by trademark be reproduced or used during Licensee’s use of the
premises unless Licensee has obtained written permission from the trademark or copyright holder.
Licensee covenants to comply strictly with all laws respecting copyright, royalties, and trademarks
and warrants that it will not infringe any related statutory, common law, or the right of any person
during its use of the premises. Licensee will indemnify and hold The Fairgrounds and its officers,
agents, and employees harmless from all claims, losses and damages (including court costs and
attorney fees) with respect to such copyright, royalty, or trademark rights.
28. Abandoned Property. Any property remaining on the premises or any property stored by The
Fairgrounds, which has not been claimed by Licensee within ten (10) days after the expiration of
the term, shall be deemed abandoned by Licensee. At the The Fairgrounds’ option, The
Fairgrounds may: 1) take possession of it and treat it as its own property and utilize it, or destroy it
or otherwise dispose of it, or 2) store it at the Licensee’s sole cost, expense, and risk. The Licensee
hereby waives any right to claim the value thereof or damages therefore. The Licensee shall be
liable to The Fairgrounds for: 1) the cost incurred by The Fairgrounds in disposing of or destroying
the abandoned property and, 2) the cost of storing it if The Fairgrounds elects to store it for the
Licensee.
29. Waiver. No waiver by either party of any default shall operate as a waiver of any other default, or
the same default on a future occasion. No delay or omission by either party in exercising any right
or remedy shall operate as a waiver thereof, and no single or partial exercise of a right or remedy
shall prelude any other further exercise thereof, or the exercise of any other right or remedy.
DocuSign Envelope ID: CA175E3C-79F0-44A4-960F-F0E40516A3F2
ARCHIVE


Page 8 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
30. Licensee’s Assumption of Responsibility. Licensee expressly assumes full responsibility for all
persons connected with Licensee’s use of the premises, including all its employees, agents,
members, invitees, and licensees.
31. Indemnification and Hold Harmless. The Licensee agrees to indemnify, exonerate, insure,
defend, and save harmless the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners and any employee,
agent, or servant of The Fairgrounds or the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson
County of losses, or injuries, resulting from, growing out of, or in any way connected with, directly,
or indirectly, the use of the premises, whether said claims arise out of, including, without
limitations, the acts and/or omissions of its employees, agents, independent contractors, or third
parties (and solely to the extent not caused by any negligence or willful misconduct by the Licensor
or its agents, employees or representatives). To the extent of the proceeds received by the
Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners and the Metropolitan Government under any insurance
furnished for the benefit of the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners by Licensee, the
obligation to indemnify and save harmless the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners and
the Metropolitan Government against the subject matter of said insurance shall be deemed to be
satisfied pro tan to. This Section 33 is subject to Section 7(e) herein above.
32. Release of Liability. The parties agree that the individual members of the Metropolitan Board of
Fair Commissioners and any employee, agent, or servant of The Fairgrounds or Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County assume no personal responsibility for the making
of this License. The parties further release all individual members of the Metropolitan Board of
Fair Commissioners, and any employee, agent, or servant of The Fairgrounds or Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County, from any personal liability growing out of or
concerning the making of this License.
33. Time of Essence. Time is of the essence of this License. If the deposit and signed license
agreement is not received within 10 business days of the contract execution date, Licensor
reserves the right to cancel the event and terminate this license and/or license the building(s) for
use by another party.
34. Contingent Fees. Licensee agrees that Licensee has not been retained or retained any persons to
solicit or secure a Metro contract upon an agreement or understanding for a contingent commission,
percentage, or brokerage fee, except for retention of bona fide employees or bona fide established
commercial selling agencies for the purpose of securing business. Breach of the provisions of this
paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of the ethical standards which may
result in civil or criminal sanctions and/or debarment or suspension from being a licensee under
Metro contracts.
35. Employment. Licensee affirms that it does not subscribe to any personnel policy that permits or
allows for the promotion, demotion, dismissal, or laying off of any individual due to race, creed,
color, national origin, age, sex, or handicapping condition. No person shall be excluded from
participation in, be denied benefits of, be discriminated against in the admission or access to, or be
discriminated against in treatment or employment in the Metropolitan Government  of Nashville
and Davidson County’s contracted programs or activities, on the grounds of handicap and/or
disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other classification protected by
federal or Tennessee State Constitutional or statutory law; nor shall they be excluded from
participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination in the
performance of contracts with the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County or
in the employment practices of Metro’s Licensees. Accordingly, all Licensees entering into
agreements with Licensor shall, upon request, be required to show proof of such nondiscrimination
DocuSign Envelope ID: CA175E3C-79F0-44A4-960F-F0E40516A3F2
ARCHIVE


Page 9 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
and to post in conspicuous places that are available to all employees and applicants, notices of 
nondiscrimination. 
36. Ethical Standards. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or agree to
give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to solicit,
demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a gratuity or an offer of employment in
connection with any decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation, preparation of any part of a
program requirement or a purchase request, influencing the content of any specification or
procurement standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any other advisory capacity
in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or controversy or other
particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or subcontract or to any
solicitation or proposal therefore. Breach of the provisions of this paragraph is, in addition to a
breach of this contract, a breach of ethical standards which may result in civil or criminal sanction
and/or debarment or suspension from being a contractor under the Metropolitan Government of
Nashville and Davidson County contracts.
37. Assignment. Consent Required. The provision of this License shall inure to the benefit of and be
binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto.  Neither this license nor any
of the rights and obligations of the Licensee hereunder shall be assigned or transferred in whole or in part
to any person, firm, or corporation without the prior written consent of the Licensor, which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld. Any such assignment or transfer shall not relieve licensee from
obligations hereunder. Any approved assignee shall assume each and every obligation of Licensee
hereunder, and Licensor may contract with or accept monies from any such assignees without waiving
any of its rights hereunder.
38. Compliance with Laws. Licensee agrees that every person connected with Licensee’s occupancy
and use of premises covered by this license agreement shall abide by, conform to, and comply with
all laws of the United States and the State of Tennessee, and all of the ordinances of the
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, together with the rules, regulations,
and policies of Licensor for the government and management of said premises. Licensee agrees to
follow all resolutions and policies of the Board of Fair Commissioners in place at the time of
the event. Licensee will not do, or suffer to be done, anything on said premises during the term of
this License Agreement in violation of any such laws, ordinances, rules, or regulations, and if the
attention of the Licensor is called to such violation on the part of the Licensee or any person
employed or admitted to the premises by said Licensee, said Licensee will immediately
desist from and correct such violation.
39. Iran Divestment Act. In accordance with the Iran Divestment Act, Tennessee Code Annotated
§12-12-101 et seq., Licensee certifies that to the best of its knowledge and belief, neither Licensee
nor any of its subcontractors are on the list created pursuant to Tennessee Code Annotated §12-12-
106. Misrepresentation may result in civil and criminal sanctions, including contract termination,
debarment, or suspension from being a Licensee, Contractor, or subcontractor under Metro
contracts.
40. Governing Law. The laws of the State of Tennessee shall control the validity, construction and
effect of this License and also any extension and/or modifications of it.
41. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or
agree to give any employee or former employee to solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from
another person, a gratuity or an offer of employment in connection with any decision, approval,
disapproval, recommendation, preparation of any part of a program requirement or a purchase
DocuSign Envelope ID: CA175E3C-79F0-44A4-960F-F0E40516A3F2
ARCHIVE


Page 10 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
request, influencing the content of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice, 
investigation, auditing or in any other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request 
for ruling, determination, claim or controversy or other particular matter, concerning any program 
requirement of a contract, or sub-contract or to any solicitation or proposal thereof. It shall be a 
breach of ethical standards to make any payment, gratuity, or offer of employment, by or for a sub- 
contractor under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or any person 
associated therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. 
42. Force Majeure. If the premises or any part of The Fairgrounds is destroyed or damaged by fire or
any other cause, or if any other casualty or unforeseen occurrence renders the fulfillment of this
License by The Fairgrounds impossible, the Licensee shall be liable for rent which has accrued
only at the time of termination, provided, however, if such impossibility of performance shall be
due to the act or omissions of Licensee, its agents, employees, members, licensees, or invitees, then
the Licensee shall be liable for the entire rent charged hereunder as well as all accrued charges in
addition to such other damages as may result from such acts or omissions. Licensee hereby waives
any claim for damages or compensation from The Fairgrounds on account of such termination.
Licensee’s obligations hereunder shall be excused if Licensee is unable to perform as the result of
any detention resulting from , epidemics, an act or order of any public authority or court, terrorism
or anticipated acts of terrorism which could result in damage to the person or property of Licensee,
Licensee’s personnel or the audience, any act of God, not reasonably within Licensee’s control
(each of the foregoing is hereinafter referred to as a “Force Majeure Event”).  In the event of any
Force Majeure Event, Licensee shall be excused from Licensee’s obligations hereunder, without
any further liability to Licensor (other than any license fees due prior to the occurrence of such
Force Majeure Event).
43. Severability. Should any court of competent jurisdiction declare any provision of this License
invalid, then, such provision shall be severed and shall not affect the validity of the remaining
provisions of this License.
44. Entire Agreement. This License constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and
superseded all previous understandings. This License may not be modified except by written
consent of the parties hereto.
45. Logos and Trademarks. The Fairgrounds in its sole discretion may require prominent placement
of its logo on any and all promotional materials, whether print or digital, related to your special
event. The unauthorized use of “The Fairgrounds” trademarks and logos is strictly prohibited.
46. Signage. All signage must be in accordance with The Fairground signage policies as approved by
the Board of Fair Commissioners. Any and all signage inconsistent with the approved policy is
prohibited. All signage must be approved prior to installation and must be removed within one (1)
hour of the close of the event.
47. Shipping. The Fairgrounds will not be responsible for the acceptance and/or storage of any
shipments relating to the event.
48. Brown’s Creek. Licensor shall conduct no activities resulting in discharge to or harmful impact to
Brown’s Creek. The Metropolitan Stormwater Department is authorized to inspect property and
require the discontinuance of any activities that could result in harmful or hazardous impact to
Brown’s Creek or activities found to be harmful to public health safety and welfare generally as it
relates to Brown’s Creek or stormwater run-off.
DocuSign Envelope ID: CA175E3C-79F0-44A4-960F-F0E40516A3F2
ARCHIVE


49. Residual Matters. Any matters, not expressly covered by this License or by applicable rules and
regulations adopted by The Fairgrounds shall be determined by the Executive Director’s sole
discretion.
50.
Exhibits. Exhibits A, B, and C are attached to this license agreement and incorporated
herein.
51. Notices and Designation of Agent for Service of Process.
DocuSign Envelope ID: CA175E3C-79F0-44A4-960F-F0E40516A3F2
ARCHIVE


Page 11 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
a.
Notice of to the Licensor concerning this license shall be delivered to:
The Fairgrounds Nashville Shipping by FED-X ,UPS & DHL:
P.O. Box 40208 
Nashville, TN 37204 
Phone: (615) 862-8994 
624 Smith Ave. 
Nashville, Tn. 
37203 
Fax: (615) 862-8992 
If questions call 615-862-8980 
*We will ONLY accept the week of event
b.
Notices to Licensee shall be delivered to:
Address:
c.
Licensee hereby designates the following as the Licensee’s agent for service of process
52. Additional Provisions:
Bike racks will $6.00 each, Eamotion is responsible for setting up and breaking down these bike
racks; The Grandstands will be used for the purpose of hanging monitors ONLY.
Nashville Fairgrounds and all individuals on Fairgrounds property are subject to state and local
orders requiring social distancing. To the extent that any individuals on Fairgrounds property are in
violation of these orders, Fairgrounds staff reserves the right to request that individuals in violation
of one or more of these orders take actions to come into compliance. Those who refuse to comply
may be removed from the property. People will remain in cars the whole time while inside the
event. They will add portable bathrooms outside the infield. Only workers will use the bathrooms 
in the racetrack. There will be no concessions.
(This Space Is Intentionally Left Blank) 
Licensee: Eamotion, LLC
Att'n: David Supica
1062 E Trinity LN Suite 201 Nashville,TN 37216
and will waive any objection to service of process if process is served upon this agent
Designated Agent: Eamotion, LLC
Att'n: 
David Supica
Address: 1062 E Trinity LN Suite 201 Nashville,TN 37216
DocuSign Envelope ID: CA175E3C-79F0-44A4-960F-F0E40516A3F2
ARCHIVE


Page 12 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
53. EFFECTIVE DATE. This License shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed first
by the Licensee and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government. When it
has been so signed, this license shall be effective as of the date first written above.
DocuSign Envelope ID: CA175E3C-79F0-44A4-960F-F0E40516A3F2
ARCHIVE


Page 14 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
There will be a minimum clean-up fee of $500.00 per building if the building & restrooms 
are not left in the condition in which they were received. During the event, all trash must be 
taken to the dumpsters in the back dumpster lot. The Fairgrounds will supply as many 
trash cans & liners as needed. At the end of the event, ALL trash MUST be left at the 
rollup door(s) for pickup. The Promoter is responsible for keeping the restrooms clean as 
well as restocking the paper towel & toilet paper receptacles as needed. Staff will provide 
the receptacle keys. 
EXHIBIT A 
 
To make a request for accessible accommodations please contact Scott Wallace at 615-862-8980.
Building Rental Rates as of April 16, 2019 
Building 
Days 
Per Day 
Per Day 
Amount 
Expo 1
$4,800.00 
$ 
Expo 2 
$2,600.00 
$ 
Expo 3 
$3,200.00 
$
Sheds
$1,500.00 
$ 
Show Arena
$1,500.00 
$ 
Fair Park 
$7,500.00 
$ 
Expo Lots
$750.00 each 
$ 
$ 
$ 
Courtyard
$750.00 
$ 
Canopies 1-6
$200, $300 & 500.00
* Plus Sales Tax 9.25% when applicable
* Total Due
 No booths are allowed in the building breezeways. This space is for D&D food/beverage 
vendors ONLY and this is not part of the contracted space listed above. 
Racetrack
$30,000.00
30,000.00
DocuSign Envelope ID: CA175E3C-79F0-44A4-960F-F0E40516A3F2
ARCHIVE


Page 15 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
EXHIBIT B 
Equipment Rental Rates as of January 1, 2015 
To receive Advance rates, the order must be placed five (5) business days prior to show move in. All 
pricing is per each unless otherwise noted. Any order placed after that time will be charged floor rates. 
Equipment 
Advance 
Floor 
(Rates are PER EVENT) 
110 Electric Outlet Drop 
$40 
$45 
220 Electric Outlet Drop 
$75 
$105 
Plug into Electric Wall Outlet 
$15 
$20 
Barricades (8 ft. section) 
$25 
$30 
Metal Bleachers (seats 45 adults) 
$150 
$200 
Metal Bleachers (seats 90 adults) 
$300 
$350 
Metal Folding Chairs 
$2.00 
$2.50 
Banquet Chairs (padded) 
$2.75 
$3.50 
Loading Cart 
$25 
Same 
PA System- w/corded Mic. 
$50 
$60 
PA System- wireless Mic. 
$90 
$110 
Pipe & Drape (booth size 10x10) 
$30 panel 
$40 booth 
$40 panel 
$50 booth 
Podium 
$30 
$35 
Staging (per 3’x 8’x 24” section) 
$30 
$40 
Tables-Rectangle (6’ or 8’) 
$10 
$12 
Tables-Rectangle Clothed/Skirted 
$30 
$45 
Tables-Round *with cloth add $5* 
$20 
$30 
Ticket Drum 
$20 
$25 
Ticket Booth 
$150 
$200 
Cones 
$5 
$7.50 
Hang Your Signs (2 FREE) 
$25 
$35 
Stretch Rods 
$10 
$12 
Miscellaneous Services 
Copies 
$0.50 
per page 
Laminate paper 
$3.00 
per page 
Fax - Local call 
$1.50 
per page 
Fax - Long distance 
$2.50 
per page 
Front End Loader- **3 hr. min.** 
$65 per hour 
$90 per hour 
Forklift- **3 hr. min.** 
$65 per hour 
$90 per hour 
ALL PRICES ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE 
DocuSign Envelope ID: CA175E3C-79F0-44A4-960F-F0E40516A3F2
ARCHIVE


Page 13 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed their signatures as of the date first above 
written. 
LICENSOR: 
LICENSEE: 
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF 
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, 
TENNESSEE BY AND THROUGH 
THE BOARD OF FAIR COMMISSIONERS 
_ 
Director 
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY 
OF FUNDS: 
_ 
Kevin Crumbo 
Director of Finance 
APPROVED AS TO INSURANCE 
REQUIREMENTS: 
Licensee:
BY: 
Title: 
 
Director of Insurance 
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND 
LEGALITY: 
_ 
Metropolitan Attorney 
Filed with the Metropolitan Clerk: 
Metropolitan Clerk 
DocuSign Envelope ID: CA175E3C-79F0-44A4-960F-F0E40516A3F2
Operations Director
Eamotion
12/4/2020
ARCHIVE


ANY PROPRIETOR/PARTNER/EXECUTIVE
OFFICER/MEMBER EXCLUDED?
INSR
ADDL SUBR
LTR
INSD WVD
PRODUCER
CONTACT
NAME:
FAX
PHONE
(A/C, No):
(A/C, No, Ext):
E-MAIL
ADDRESS:
INSURER A :
INSURED
INSURER B :
INSURER C :
INSURER D :
INSURER E :
INSURER F :
POLICY NUMBER
POLICY EFF
POLICY EXP
TYPE OF INSURANCE
LIMITS
(MM/DD/YYYY)
(MM/DD/YYYY)
AUTOMOBILE LIABILITY
UMBRELLA LIAB
EXCESS LIAB
WORKERS COMPENSATION
AND EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY
DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS / LOCATIONS / VEHICLES  (ACORD 101, Additional Remarks Schedule, may be attached if more space is required)
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
EACH OCCURRENCE
$
DAMAGE TO RENTED
CLAIMS-MADE
OCCUR
$
PREMISES (Ea occurrence)
MED EXP (Any one person)
$
PERSONAL & ADV INJURY
$
GEN'L AGGREGATE LIMIT APPLIES PER:
GENERAL AGGREGATE
$
PRO-
POLICY
LOC
PRODUCTS - COMP/OP AGG
JECT 
OTHER:
$
COMBINED SINGLE LIMIT
$
(Ea accident)
ANY AUTO
BODILY INJURY (Per person)
$
OWNED
SCHEDULED
BODILY INJURY (Per accident)
$
AUTOS ONLY
AUTOS
HIRED
NON-OWNED
PROPERTY DAMAGE
$
AUTOS ONLY
AUTOS ONLY
(Per accident)
$
OCCUR
EACH OCCURRENCE
CLAIMS-MADE
AGGREGATE
$
DED
RETENTION $
PER
OTH-
STATUTE
ER
E.L. EACH ACCIDENT
E.L. DISEASE - EA EMPLOYEE $
If yes, describe under
E.L. DISEASE - POLICY LIMIT
DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS below
INSURER(S) AFFORDING COVERAGE
NAIC #
COMMERCIAL GENERAL LIABILITY
Y / N
N / A
(Mandatory in NH)
SHOULD ANY OF THE ABOVE DESCRIBED POLICIES BE CANCELLED BEFORE
THE    EXPIRATION    DATE    THEREOF,    NOTICE   WILL   BE   DELIVERED   IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE POLICY PROVISIONS.
THIS  IS  TO  CERTIFY  THAT  THE  POLICIES  OF  INSURANCE  LISTED  BELOW HAVE BEEN ISSUED TO THE INSURED NAMED ABOVE FOR THE POLICY PERIOD
INDICATED.    NOTWITHSTANDING  ANY  REQUIREMENT,  TERM  OR  CONDITION  OF  ANY  CONTRACT OR OTHER DOCUMENT WITH RESPECT TO WHICH THIS
CERTIFICATE  MAY  BE  ISSUED  OR  MAY  PERTAIN,  THE  INSURANCE  AFFORDED  BY  THE  POLICIES  DESCRIBED  HEREIN IS SUBJECT TO ALL THE TERMS,
EXCLUSIONS AND CONDITIONS OF SUCH POLICIES. LIMITS SHOWN MAY HAVE BEEN REDUCED BY PAID CLAIMS.
THIS  CERTIFICATE  IS  ISSUED  AS  A  MATTER  OF  INFORMATION  ONLY AND CONFERS NO RIGHTS UPON THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER. THIS
CERTIFICATE  DOES  NOT  AFFIRMATIVELY  OR  NEGATIVELY  AMEND,  EXTEND  OR  ALTER  THE  COVERAGE  AFFORDED  BY THE POLICIES
BELOW.    THIS  CERTIFICATE  OF  INSURANCE  DOES  NOT  CONSTITUTE  A  CONTRACT  BETWEEN  THE ISSUING INSURER(S), AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OR PRODUCER, AND THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER.
IMPORTANT:    If  the  certificate holder is an ADDITIONAL INSURED, the policy(ies) must have ADDITIONAL INSURED provisions or be endorsed.
If  SUBROGATION  IS  WAIVED,  subject  to  the  terms and conditions of the policy, certain policies may require an endorsement.  A statement on
this certificate does not confer rights to the certificate holder in lieu of such endorsement(s).
COVERAGES
CERTIFICATE NUMBER:
REVISION NUMBER:
CERTIFICATE HOLDER
CANCELLATION
© 1988-2015 ACORD CORPORATION.  All rights reserved.
ACORD 25 (2016/03)
CERTIFICATE OF LIABILITY INSURANCE
DATE (MM/DD/YYYY)
$
$
$
$
$
The ACORD name and logo are registered marks of ACORD
9/11/2020
License # BR-546567
(212) 279-4519
(212) 279-4536
10120
Eamotion, LLC
c/o PSBM
235 Park Ave. S. 9th FL
New York, NY 10003
A
1,000,000
X
SI8ML02076-201
9/8/2020
9/8/2021
100,000
Per Event
0
1,000,000
2,000,000
2,000,000
1,000,000
A
X
SI8ML02076-201
9/8/2020
9/8/2021
A
SI8WC00723-201
9/8/2020
9/8/2021
1,000,000
1,000,000
1,000,000
Metropolitan Government and The Fairgrounds Nashville it's officials, officers, employeee and volunteers are included as an additioanl insured as required by 
written contract, but only as respects claims arising out of the negligence of the Named Insured.
The Fairgrounds
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and
Davidson County, the Board of Fair Commissioners
401 Wingrove Street
Nashville, TN 37203
EAMOLLC-01
MM102954
Edgewood Partners Insurance Center
1140 Avenue of the Americas
8th Floor
New York, NY 10036
EVEREST NATIONAL INSURANCE COMPANY
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
DocuSign Envelope ID: CA175E3C-79F0-44A4-960F-F0E40516A3F2
ARCHIVE


EAMOTION’s Infection Prevention and Control (IPC) measures are in derived from CDC and 
WHO recommendations and further customized to comply with federal and local IPC guidelines. 
The following policies will mitigate exposure to both guests and employees.  
PROTECTING PATRONS  
Messaging ​- Eamotion is committed to educating its patrons on internal policies and best 
practices to mitigate risk of Covid. Messaging will include best practices and company policy for 
social distancing, face coverings, hand hygiene, cough and sneeze etiquette, and handwashing.  
● Extensive on site signage promoting best practices for distancing and hygiene. Signs 
must be visible from the vehicle upon entrance to the site.  
● Digital messaging regarding Covid exposure safety guidelines leading up to the event on 
website, ticket fine print, email campaign, and marketing.  
Transparent Sanitation Practices ​- public disclosure of sanitation policies and protocols can 
be found on our website, printed on tickets, and posted throughout the venue.  
● Infection Mitigation Coordinator (IMC) is an employee with appropriate medical 
knowledge and risk mitigation management skills who is charged with keeping the site 
compliant with EAMOTION’s stringent IPC guidelines. The IMC will provide: ○ Regular 
check in’s with staff to ensure PPE and social distancing  
○ Compliance with medical check in procedure  
○ Employee and vendor Compliance with ​COVID Testing Policy  
● Driving site built to provide Zero Contact experience  
○ Scalable distance: if new, stricter social distancing measures are enforced by 
local/federal gov; the site can easily respond by lowering capacity, removing 
pedestrian lane, etc.  
○ Timed tickets for spaced out entrance to site.  
○ No-Touch entry (no door handles, human contact, etc).  
○ Virtual queue (no long lines)  
○ Flexible refund policy (don’t come if you feel sick).  
●Pedestrian site build to minimize exposure (NOT APPLICABLE for dates 9/18-9/22)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
○One way pedestrian traffic and limited capacity to promote social distancing ○
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Staggered entry to prevent long queues  
○ Limited bathroom capacity with monitor  
○ Frequent sanitation of community spaces  
○ Card only payments  
○ Online ordering food truck village  
○ No-touch hand sanitizing stations throughout course  
DocuSign Envelope ID: CA175E3C-79F0-44A4-960F-F0E40516A3F2
ARCHIVE


○ Mask required for anyone outside of vehicle 
○ Flexible refund policy (don’t come if you feel sick).  
○ Thermal checks upon entry  
PROTECTING STAFF  
Most worker positions within EMOTION are classified by OSHA as “lower exposure risk” with a 
small number of “medium exposure risk” positions.  
● All on site staff must get tested per our ​COVID-19 Test Policy  
● Signs on site promoting distancing, hand washing, cough and sneeze etiquette, in all 
common areas.  
● Staff will work within cells of 6 or fewer people to minimize exposure. 
● Face masks required for everyone on site at all times  
● Further PPE for any higher risk position such as ticket scanners (face shields, and 
gloves).  
● Hourly sanitization of common areas  
● Daily health screen before work is started. Includes thermal scan and brief questionnaire 
● Paid sick leave for COVID symptoms  
● Production staff to operate within 5-6 person cells to minimize contact 
● Operations staff to operate in cells of less than 10 people.  
● Any higher risk staff member will be placed in a position of minimal exposure ● 
Any catering onsite will be limited to individually packaged meals.  
● Break areas are located outdoors and seating will be appropriately spaced (at least 6 
feet apart).  
BASIC PREVENTION MEASURES  
● Promote frequent and thorough hand washing through signage and built in breaks for all 
worksite visitors  
● Encourage workers to stay home if they feel ill. Sick pay covers all employees and 
contract workers.  
● Signs promoting respiratory etiquette (cover coughs and sneezes, always wear your 
mask).  
● Easy access to tissues and trash.  
● Daily, confidential health and temp screenings  
● Any high-touch item (boards, equipment, etc) should have the minimal amount of people 
interacting with it.  
● Encourage self-monitoring for COVID symptoms  
● Install clear sanitary barriers where applicable  
● No cash or credit cards will be taken on site. All ticket sales will be done virtually. 
FURTHER READING  
DocuSign Envelope ID: CA175E3C-79F0-44A4-960F-F0E40516A3F2
ARCHIVE


CDC: Guidance on preparing workplaces for COVID​ ​WHO: 
Key Planning Recommendations for Mass Gatherings​ ​ESA: 
Reopening Guide  
Tornado Sheltering Guidelines During COVID 
NYT: A Guide to Surface Transmission  
Nashville Metro Health: Guidance for Phase 3 Reopening 
DocuSign Envelope ID: CA175E3C-79F0-44A4-960F-F0E40516A3F2
ARCHIVE


From: Almoumineen, Sara (Health) <Sara.Almoumineen@nashville.gov>  
Sent: Wednesday, November 25, 2020 2:46 PM 
To: Wallace, Scott (Fairgrounds) <Scott.Wallace@nashville.gov> 
Subject: Re: Eamotion Event at the Fairgrounds 
 
No problem! Below is the information. I am leaving the office early today so I will have to finish 
processing it on Monday. Have a wonderful and safe holiday!  
 
Link to edit: 
https://redcap.health.nashville.gov/redcap/surveys/index.php?s=ANT5I3x3W9&__return=1                
Return code: KHDAC3LT 
 
Sara 
 
 
From: Wallace, Scott (Fairgrounds) <Scott.Wallace@nashville.gov> 
Sent: Wednesday, November 25, 2020 2:35:34 PM 
To: Almoumineen, Sara (Health) <Sara.Almoumineen@nashville.gov> 
Subject: Re: Eamotion Event at the Fairgrounds  
  
Please send it to me. Thanks  
 
Get Outlook for iOS 
 
From: Almoumineen, Sara (Health) <Sara.Almoumineen@nashville.gov> 
Sent: Wednesday, November 25, 2020 2:09:09 PM 
To: Wallace, Scott (Fairgrounds) <Scott.Wallace@nashville.gov> 
Subject: RE: Eamotion Event at the Fairgrounds  
  
That is fine as long as attendees are not present. I will need to have that certification updated to yes in 
order for me to continue processing it. Should I give you the link to edit it or the applicant?  
  
  
From: Wallace, Scott (Fairgrounds) <Scott.Wallace@nashville.gov>  
Sent: Wednesday, November 25, 2020 1:57 PM 
To: Almoumineen, Sara (Health) <Sara.Almoumineen@nashville.gov> 
Subject: RE: Eamotion Event at the Fairgrounds 
  
Sara, 
  
The customers will be off the premises by 11pm. There may have been some staff there. We can make 
sure that they won’t be there.   
  
Here is the link to our event updates due to COVID-19. Please be safe. 
http://www.thefairgrounds.com/events/index.asp 
  
Scott C. Wallace 
Director of Sales, Marketing & Events 
DocuSign Envelope ID: CA175E3C-79F0-44A4-960F-F0E40516A3F2
ARCHIVE


Fairgrounds Nashville 
615-862-8994 (office) 
615-708-0145 (cell) 
P.O. Box 40208 
Nashville, TN. 37204 
  
401 Wingrove Street 
Nashville, TN. 37203 
www.thefairgrounds.com 
  
Senior Advisor 
Nashville Flea Market 
615-862-5016 
www.nashvilleflea.com 
  
EVENT APPLICATION: 
https://www.nashville.gov/The-Fairgrounds-Nashville/Application-For-Use.aspx 
  
HEALTH DEPARMENT EVENT APPLICATION  
https://redcap.health.nashville.gov/redcap/surveys/?s=RW3WWNKYXX 
  
FOR OUR RV PARK RESERVATIONS PLEASE GO TO THE LINK BELOW: 
https://www.nashville.gov/The-Fairgrounds-Nashville/Application-for-RV-Parking.aspx 
  
FAIRGROUNDS NEW EXPO LAYOUTS: 
  
http://www.thefairgrounds.com/facility/layouts.asp 
  
  
  
From: Almoumineen, Sara (Health) <Sara.Almoumineen@nashville.gov>  
Sent: Wednesday, November 25, 2020 1:42 PM 
To: Wallace, Scott (Fairgrounds) <Scott.Wallace@nashville.gov> 
Subject: Eamotion Event at the Fairgrounds 
  
Hi Scott, 
  
I hope you are doing well. I am reviewing the event application for the Eamotion. Everything looks great 
but I have one concern. The applicant has certified No to the following: 
  
I certify that all customers, guests, or attendees shall be off premises and the premise closed to 
public between 11:00PM CST and 5:30AM CST. 
  
According to the Second Amended and Restated Order 12, all attendees must be off the premises after 
11:00PM. I understand this is a drive through but the guideline still applies. In order for me to approve 
this event, this detail must be change. Let me know how you want to proceed.  
  
Stay safe, 
DocuSign Envelope ID: CA175E3C-79F0-44A4-960F-F0E40516A3F2
ARCHIVE


  
Sara Almoumineen 
Environmental Health Specialist |Metro Public Health Department 
2500 Charlotte Avenue Nashville, TN 37209 
(615) 862-5300 ext. 72397 
Follow Us:  Facebook| Twitter 
  
 
The mission of the Metro Public Health Department is to protect, improve and sustain the health 
and well-being of all people in Metropolitan Nashville. 
  
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: CA175E3C-79F0-44A4-960F-F0E40516A3F2
ARCHIVE


Nashville Fairgrounds Run of Show  
The purpose of this document is to provide an overview of policies and procedures for the
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TEMPO activation at Nashville Fairgrounds from September 14th-24th. For more detailed
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
information regarding EAMOTION’s COVID policy, please view ​Our Safety Guidelines​.  
At a glance:  
● All employees are required to furnish negative COVID-19 test results before being 
allowed on site  
● Eamotion will staff an Infection Mitigation Coordinator, to be on site doing health 
screenings for staff each day. Staff must pass the health screen before being allowed 
to work.  
● Vanderbilt has reviewed and helped to revise our Covid Safety Guidelines  
● Jingle  is built to be completely contactless. There will be no cash or credit card 
transactions and no concessions  
● Once on site, patrons will remain in their cars throughout the entirety of the event. Any 
patron seen trying to exit their vehicle will be asked to return to it by security staff 
stationed throughout the course.  
The course:  
● Guests can purchase tickets ahead of time at ​www.eamotion.com​. Tickets are limited in 
15 minute increments to help control the flow of traffic.  
● Guests will arrive at the Dog Park entrance where they will have 1 final chance to use a 
restroom at the Fair Park facilities. We will have two security guards on site to enforce 
social distancing and wearing of masks. The dog park will remain open to the public for 
normal business hours.  
● Once they’ve entered the course, guests must remain in their car for the entirety of the 
event.  
● Tickets will be scanned in the Craighead parking lot in 4 separate box office lanes. The 
tractor trailers will remain in the parking lot. Rebull will be handed out at this point 
through socially distanced measures. Patrons will reach out of their car window to grab 
redbulls off of a cart, allowing for no human contact.  
● After tickets are scanned, the 4 lanes then funnel into a single lane which will take cars 
through the tunnel and into the course.  
● It will take anywhere from 30-45 minutes to drive through the course. ● We will have golf 
carts spaced every ¼ mile of track to help maintain a speed limit of 3-5mph. Security is also 
stationed throughout the racetrack and guests are instructed to pull over and turn on their 
DocuSign Envelope ID: CA175E3C-79F0-44A4-960F-F0E40516A3F2
ARCHIVE


hazard lights if they need immediate assistance. ● Guests will exit the track by turn 1 and 
go out behind the grandstands. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: CA175E3C-79F0-44A4-960F-F0E40516A3F2
ARCHIVE
