ORDINANCE NO.
An Ordinance authorizing Nashville PropCo LLC to install, construct and
maintain aerial and underground encroachments in the right-of-way located at 306
Gay Street (Proposal No. 2019M-025EN-001).
WHEREAS, Nashville PropCo, LLC plans to install, construct and maintain aerial and
underground encroachments, comprised of a rooftop bar soffit, entrance canopy overhang, and
bike racks, in the right-of-way of 306 Gay Street, under proposal No. 2019M-025EN-001; and,
WHEREAS, Nashville PropCo, LLC has agreed to indemnify and hold The Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County harmless of any and all claims for damages of
every nature and kind resulting from or arising from the installation of said encroachments under
proposal No. 2019M-025EN-001.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ENACTED BY THE COUNCIL OF THE METROPOLITAN
GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY:
Section 1. 
That subject to the requirements, limitations and conditions contained herein and
in the attached License Agreement, Nashville PropCo, LL'C is hereby granted the privilege to
construct and maintain said encroachments under proposal No. 2019M-025EN-001, in
accordance with the plans which are on file in the office of the Director of Public Works, and
which are more particularly described by lines, words and figures on the attached sketches which
are attached to and made a part of this Ordinance.
Section 2. 
That the authority granted hereby for the construction, installation, operation and
maintenance of said encroachments under proposal No. 2019M-025EN-001 shall not be
construed as a surrender by the Metropolitan Government of its rights or power to pass
resolutions or ordinances regulating the use of its streets, or the right of the- Metropolitan
Government through its legislative body, in the interest of public necessity and convenience to
order the relocation of said facilities at the expense Nashville PropCo, LLC.
Section 3. 
That plans and specifications for said encroachments under proposal No. 2019M-
025EN-001 shall be submitted to the Director of Public Works of The Metropolitan Government
of Nashville and Davidson County for approval before any work is begun, and all work, material,
and other details of said installation shall be approved by the Director of Public Works prior to
its use by Nashville PropCo, LLC.
Section 4. 
That construction and maintenance of said encroachments under proposal No.
2019M-025EN-001 shall be under the direction, supervision and control of the Director of Public
Works, and their installation, when complete, must be approved by said Director.
IN027II73.1) 
D-19-08745
\
ARCHIVE


Section 5. 
That this Ordinance confers upon Nashville PropCo, LLC a privilege and not a
franchise, and the Mayor and the Metropolitan Council herein expressly reserve the right to
repeal this ordinance, whenever, in their judgment, a repeal may be demanded by public welfare,
and such repeal shall confer no liability on The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and
Davidson County, its successors and assigns, by reason of said repeal. In the event of such repeal
by Metropolitan Government, Nashville PropCo, LLC, its successors and assigns, shall remove
said encroachments at their own expense.
Section 6. 
Nashville PropCo, LLC, its successors and assigns, shall pay all costs incident to
the construction, installation, operation and maintenance of said encroachments under proposal
No. 2019M-025EN-001 and shall save and hold The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and
Davidson County harmless from all suits, costs, claims, damages or judgments in any way
connected with the construction, installation, operation and maintenance of said encroachments
and shall not claim, set up or plead, as a defense, in the event of joint liability, with or without
suit, that it and the Metropolitan Government were joint wrongdoers. Nashville PropCo, LLC, its
successors and assigns, shall be responsible for the expense, if any, of repairing and returning the
right-of-way to the condition, which it was in prior to the installation of, said encroachments, and
for any street closure.
ij
Section 7. 
That the authority granted to Nashville PropCo, LLC as herein described, shall not
in any way interfere with the rights of the Metropolitan Government, its agents, servants, and/or
contractors and utility companies, operating under franchise from the Metropolitan Government
to enter, construct, operate, maintain, repair, rebuild, enlarge, and patrol its now existing or future
utilities, including drainage facilities, together with their appurtenances, and to do any and all
things necessary and incidental thereto.
Section 8. 
Nashville PropCo, LLC, shall and is hereby required, to furnish The Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County a certificate of public liability insurance, naming
The Metropolitan Government as an insured party, of at least four million ($4,000,000) dollars
aggregate, for the payment of any judgment had on any claim, of whatever nature, made for
actions or causes of action arising out of, or connected with, the construction or installation of
said encroachment. Said certificate of insurance shall be filed with the Metropolitan Clerk and
the Department of Public Works prior to the granting of a permit, and the insurance required
herein shall not be canceled without the insurance company or companies first giving thirty (30)
days written notice to The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County.
Section 9. 
That said construction shall be carefully guarded and protected, and shall be
completed promptly, so as to cause the least inconvenience to the public. The acceptance by
Nashville PropCo, LLC of all provisions of this Ordinance shall be determined by the beginning
of work.
Section 10. 
The authority granted pursuant to this Ordinance shall not become effective until
the certificate of insurance, as required in Section 8, has been posted with the Department of
Public Works.
{N027II73.1) 
D-19-08745
ARCHIVE


Section 11
This Ordinance shall take effect from and after its adoption, the welfare of The
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County requiring it.
RECOMMENDED BY:
INTRODUCED BY:
Mark Sturtevant, Director
Department of Public Works
APPROVED AS TO FORM
AND LEGALITY:
ssistantMeth5politan Attorney
{N027II73.I)
D-19-08745
ARCHIVE


Proposal No. 2019M-025EN-001
{N0271173.I) 
D-l 9-08745
ARCHIVE


ARCHIVE
