. A - 3/078
Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and First
Baptist Church Capitol Hill Homes, INC. Contract # 4£-3137 February 14, 2014

GRANT CONTRACT
BETWEEN THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
AND
First Baptist Church Capitol Hill Homes, INC.

This Grant Contract issued and entered into pursuant to RS2013-881 by and between the Metropolitan

Government of Nashville and Davidson County, a municipal corporation of the State of Tennessee

hereinafter referred to as “Metro”, and First Baptist Church Capitol Hill Homes, INC., hereinafter referred

to as the “Recipient,” is for the provision of, “providing a resident-driven initiative project to benefit
tesident to work together for a common goal.” as further defined in the "SCOPE OF PROGRAM." The
recipient's audit is incorporated herein by reference.

A. SCOPE OF PROGRAM:

A.1. The Recipient shall use the funds to provide services to the citizens of Davidson County.
Incorporated into this contract is the program described in Attachment 1, the application
submitted by the Recipient and any of its amendments, which is attached hereto and made a part
thereof. The Recipient shall work toward the following outcomes: a
“To purchase the needed supplies and materials to build raised bed gardens and to purchase
materials and supplies for constructing a ramp that will allow access for all to the gardens..”

A.2. These funds shall be expended consistent with the proposed budget, included in Attachment 1.
The Recipient shall collect data to evaluate the effectiveness of their services and provide those
results to Metro as requested.

A.3. The recipient shall utilize Metro funding only for services the Recipient provides to documented
residents of Davidson County. Documentation of residency shall be established with a recent
utility bill; voter's registration card; driver's license or other government issued-ID; current record
from a school showing address; affidavit by landlord; or affidavit by a nonprofit treatment, shelter,
half-way house, or homeless assistance entity located within Davidson County. Utilization of
Metro funding for services to non-Davidson County residents is unallowable.

A4. Additionally, the recipient shall collect data on the primary county of residence of the clients it
serves and provide that data to Metro, upon request.

B. GRANT CONTRACT TERM:

B.1. Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant shail be for a period of ten (10) months,
commencing on July 1, 2013 and ending on April 30, 2014. Metro shall have no obligation for
services rendered by the Recipient which are not performed within this term.

Cc. PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

C.1. | Maximum Liability. In no event shall the maximum liability of Metro under this Grant Contract
exceed $1,400.00 dollars (fourteen hundred dollars). The proposed budget, attached and
incorporated herein as part of Attachment 1, shall constitute the maximum amount to be provided
to the Recipient by Metro for all of the Recipient's obligations hereunder. The proposed budget
line items include, but are not limited to, all applicable taxes, fees, overhead, and all other direct
and indirect costs incurred or to be incurred by the Recipient.

This amount shall constitute the Grant Amount and the entire compensation to be provided to the
Recipient by Metro. .
1


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and First

Baptist Church Capitol Hill Homes, INC. Contract # £-3/37 February 14, 2014

C.2. Compensation Firm. The maximum liability of Metro is not subject to escalation for any reason.
The Grant proposed budget amount is firm for the duration of the Grant Contract and is not
subject to escalation for any reason unless the grant contract is amended.

C.3. Payment Methodology. The Recipient shall be compensated for actual costs based upon the
proposed budget, not to exceed the maximum liability established in Section C.1.

Upon progress toward the completion of the work, as described in Section A of this Grant
Contract, the Recipient shall submit invoices to demonstrate that the funds are used as required
by this Grant, prior to any payment for allowable costs. Such invoices shall be submitted and
indicate at a minimum the amount charged by proposed budget line-item for the period invoiced,
the amount charged by line-item to date, the total amount charged for the period invoiced, and
the total amount charged under this Grant Contract to date.

All invoices shall be sent to Metro Payment Services, PO Box 196301, Nashville TN 37219-
6301. Said payment shall not exceed the maximum liability of this Grant Contract.

Final invoices for the contract period should be received by Metro Payment Services by May 14,
2014. Any invoice not received by the deadline date will not be processed and all remaining
grant funds will expire.

C.4. Expenditure Report. The Recipient shall submit a final grant Expenditure Report at the end of the
Grant Contract. Said report shall be in form and substance acceptable to Metro and shall be
prepared by the Chief Financial Officer of the Recipient Organization.

C.5. Payment of Invoice. The payment of any invoice by Metro shall not prejudice Metro’s right to
object to the invoice or any matter in relation thereto. Such payment by Metro shall neither be
construed as acceptance of any part of the work or service provided nor as an approval of any of
the costs included therein.

C.6.  Unallowable Costs. The Recipient's invoice shall be subject to reduction for amounts included in
any invoice or payment theretofore made which are determined by Metro, on the basis of audits
or monitoring conducted in accordance with the terms of this Grant Contract, to constitute
unallowable costs. Utilization of Metro funding for services to non-Davidson County residents is
unallowable.

C.7. Deductions. Metro reserves the right to adjust any amounts which are or shall become due and
payable to the Recipient by Metro under this or any Contract by deducting any amounts which are
or shall become due and payable to Metro by the Recipient under this or any Contract.

C.8. Travel Compensation. Payment to the Recipient for travel, meals, or lodging shail be subject to
amounts and limitations specified in Metro’s Travel Regulations and subject to the Grant
proposed budget.

C.9. Electronic Payment. Metro requires as a condition of this contract that the Recipient shall
complete and sign Metro's form authorizing electronic payments to the Recipient. Recipients who
have not already submitted the form to Metro will have thirty (30) days to complete, sign, and
return the form. Thereafter, all payments to the Recipient, under this or any other contract the
Recipient has with Metro, must be made electronically.

D. STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

D.1. Required Approvals. Metro is not bound by this Grant Contract until it is approved by the
appropriate Metro representatives as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.

2


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and First

Baptist Church Capitol Hill Homes, INC. Contract # £-3 13 wi February 14, 2014

D.2. _ Modification and Amendment. This Grant Contract may be modified only by a written amendment
that has been approved in accordance with all Metro procedures and by appropriate legislation of
the Metropolitan Council.

D.3. Termination for Cause. Should the Recipient fail to properly perform its obligations under this
Grant Contract or if the Recipient violates any terms of this Grant Contract, Metro shall have the
right to immediately terminate the Grant Contract and the Recipient shall return to Metro any and
all grant monies for services or programs under the grant not performed as of the termination
date. The Recipient shall also return to Metro any and all funds expended for purposes contrary
to the terms of the Grant. Such termination shall not relieve the Recipient of any liability to Metro
for damages sustained by virtue of any breach by the Recipient.

D.4. Subcontracting. The Recipient shall not assign this Grant Contract or enter into a subcontract for
any of the services performed under this Grant Contract without obtaining the prior written
approval of Metro. Notwithstanding any use of approved subcontractors, the Recipient shall be
considered the prime Recipient and shall be responsible for all work performed.

D.5. Conflicts of Interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount shall be paid
directly or indirectly to an employee or official of Metro as wages, compensation, or gifts in
exchange for acting as an officer, agent, employee, subcontractor, or consultant to the Recipient
in connection with any work contemplated or performed relative to this Grant Contract.

D.6. —_ Nondiscrimination. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person shall be
excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination
in the performance of this Grant Contract or in the employment practices of the Recipient on the
grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other classification
which is in violation of applicable laws. The Recipient shall, upon request, show proof of such
nondiscrimination and shall post in conspicuous places, available to all employees and
applicants, notices of nondiscrimination.

D.7. Records. The Recipient shail maintain documentation for all charges to Metro under this Grant
Contract. The books, records, and documents of the Recipient, insofar as they relate to work
performed or money received under this Grant Contract, shall be maintained for a period of three
(3) full years from the date of the final payment or until the Recipient engages a licensed
independent public accountant to perform an audit of its activities. The books, records, and
documents of the Recipient insofar as they relate to work performed or money received under this
Grant Contract shall be subject to audit at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by
Metro or its duly appointed representatives. Records shall be maintained in accordance with the
standards outlined in the Metro Grants Manual. The financial statements shall be prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

D.8. Monitoring. The Recipient's activities conducted and records maintained pursuant to this Grant
Contract shall be subject to monitoring and evaluation by The Metropolitan Office of Financial
Accountability or Metro's duly appointed representatives. The Recipient shall make all audit,
accounting, or financial records, notes, and other documents pertinent to this grant available for
review by the Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability, Internal Audit or Metro's
representatives, upon request, during normal working hours.

D.9. Reporting. The Recipient shall submit a Final Program Report, no later than April 30, 2014. Said
reports shall detail the outcome of the activities funded under this Grant Contract.

D.10. Strict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist in any one or more cases upon the strict
performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement shall not
be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of any such term, covenant, condition, or provision.

3
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and First

Baptist Church Capitol Hill Homes, INC. Contract # £-3/37 February 14, 2014
No term or condition of this Grant Contract shall be held to be waived, modified, or deleted except
by a written amendment by the appropriate parties as indicated on the signature page of this
Grant.

D.11. Insurance. The Recipient agrees to carry adequate public liability and other appropriate forms of
insurance, and to pay all applicable taxes incident to this Grant Contract.

D.12. Metro Liability. Metro shall have no liability except as specifically provided in this Grant Contract.

D. 13. Independent Contractor. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to create a
partnership or joint venture between the Recipient and Metro or to create the relationship of
principal and agent between or among the Recipient and Metro. The Recipient shail not hold
itself out in a manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph. Metro shall not become liable for
any representation, act, or omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph.

D. 14. Indemnification and Hold Harmless.

(a) Recipient shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Metro, its officers, agents and
employees from any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees for injuries or damages
arising, in part or in whole, from the negligent or intentional acts or omissions of Recipient, its
officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or independent contractors, in connection
with the performance of the contract, and any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney
fees arising from any failure of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub
or independent contractors, to observe applicable laws, including, but not limited to, labor laws
and minimum wage laws.

(b) Metro will not indemnify, defend or hold harmless in any fashion the Recipient from any
claims, regardless of any language in any attachment or other document that the Recipient may
provide.

(c) Recipient shall pay Metro any expenses incurred as a result of Recipient's failure to fulfill any
obligation in a professional and timely manner under this Contract.

(d) Grantee’s duties under this section shall survive the termination or expiration of the grant.

D.15. Force Majeure. The obligations of the parties to this Grant Contract are subject to prevention by
causes beyond the parties’ control that could not be avoided by the exercise of due care
including, but not limited to, acts of God, riots, wars, strikes, epidemics or any other similar cause.

D.16. State, Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with ail applicable federal,
state and local laws and regulations in the performance of this Grant Contract.

D.17. Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction and effect of this Grant Contract and any
and all extensions and/or modifications thereof shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The venue for legal action concerning this
Grant Contract shall be in the courts of Davidson County, Tennessee.

D.18. Completeness. This Grant Contract is complete and contains the entire understanding between
the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein, including all the terms and conditions
of the parties’ agreement. This Grant Contract supersedes any and all prior understandings,
representations, negotiations, and agreements between the parties relating hereto, whether
written or oral.

4


a .

Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and First

Baptist Church Capitol Hill Homes, INC. Contract # 4£-3(37 February 14, 2014

D.19. Headings. Section headings are for reference purposes only and shall not be construed as part
of this Grant Contract.

D.20. Metro interest in Equipment. The Recipient shall take legal title to all equipment and to all motor
vehicles, hereinafter referred to as "equipment," purchased totally or in part with funds provided
under this Grant Contract, subject to Metro's equitable interest therein, to the extent of its pro rata
share, based upon Metro's contribution to the purchase price. "Equipment" shall be defined as
an article of nonexpendable, tangible, personal property having a useful life of more than one
year and an acquisition cost which equals or exceeds $5,000.00.

The Recipient agrees to be responsible for the accountability, maintenance, management, and
inventory of all property purchased totally or in part with funds provided under this Grant Contract.
Upon termination of the Grant Contract, where a further contractual relationship is not entered
into, or at any time during the term of the Grant Contract, the Recipient shall request written
approval from Metro for any proposed disposition of equipment purchased with Grant funds. All
equipment shall be disposed of in such a manner as parties may agree as appropriate and in
accordance with any applicable federal, state or local laws or regulations.

D. 21. Assignment—Consent Required. The provisions of this contract shall inure to the benefit of and
shall be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Except for
the rights of money due to Recipient under this contract, neither this contract nor any of the rights
and obligations of Recipient hereunder shall be assigned or transferred in whole or in part without
the prior written consent of Metro. Any such assignment or transfer shall not release Recipient
from its obligations hereunder. Notice of assignment of any rights to money due to Recipient
under this Contract must be sent to the attention of the Metro Department of Finance.

D.22. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or
agree to give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to
solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a gratuity or an offer of
employment in connection with any decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation,
preparations of any part of a program requirement or a purchase request, influencing the content
of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any
other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim
or controversy in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or
controversy or other particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or
subcontract or to any solicitation or proposal therefore. It shall be a breach of ethical standards
for any payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor
under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or a person associated
therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach of the provisions of
this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of ethical standards which may
result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or suspension from participation in
Metropolitan Government contracts.

D.23. Communications and Contacts. All instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other
communications from the Recipient required or contemplated by this Grant Contract shall be in
writing and shall be made by facsimile transmission, or by first class mail, addressed to the
respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or address as set forth below or to such
other party, facsimile number, or address as may be hereafter specified by written notice.

5
ARCHIVE


_  &
Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and First
Baptist Church Capitol Hill Homes, INC. Contract# sss 4-313] Ss February 14, 2014
Metro
For contract-related matters and enquiries regarding invoices contact:
Agriculture Extension
George M. Killgore
1417 Murfreesboro Pike
PO Box 196300
Nashville, TN 37219-6300
Phone: 615-862-5995/ Fax: 615-862-5998
Email: George.killgore@nashville.gov

Recipient:

Weldon B. Kidd

Board President

First Baptist Church Capitol Hill Homes, INC.

2136 Cliff Drive

Nashville, TN 37218

D.24. Lobbying. The Recipient certifies, to the best of its knowledge and belief, that:

a. No federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid, by or on behalf of the
Recipient, to any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee
of any agency, a Member of Congress in connection with the awarding of any federal
contract, the making of any federal grant, the making of any federal loan, and entering
into of any cooperative agreement, and the extension, continuation, renewal,
amendment, or modification of any federal contract, grant, loan, or cooperative
agreement.

b. If any funds other than federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid to any
person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any agency, a
Member of Congress, an officer or employee of Congress, or an employee of a Member
of Congress in connection with this grant, loan, or cooperative agreement, the Recipient
shall complete and submit Standard Form-LLL, “Disclosure Form to Report Lobbying,” in
accordance with its instructions.

c. The Recipient shall require that the language of this certification be included in the award
documents for all sub-awards at all tiers (including sub-grants, subcontracts, and
contracts under grants, loans, and cooperative agreements) and that all subcontractors of
federally appropriated funds shall certify and disclose accordingly.

Effective Date. This contract shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed first by the

Recipient and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government and has been

filed in the office of the Metropolitan Clerk. When it has been so signed and filed, this contract shall

be effective as of the date first written above.
THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK
6


an
Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and First
Baptist Church Capitol Hill Homes, INC. Contract # £-31) 37 February 14, 2014
RECIPIENT;
THE METROPOLITAN UL, ele (2
GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE By: ain te)
AND DAVIDSON COUNTY: , 7 .
Title: Chair, Board of Directors
Sworn to and subscribed to before me a Notary
Puls. this_\Uf day
Metropolitan Clerk of ep , 201d
letropolitan Cler:
° MAR 24 2914
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF :
FUNDS: Notary Public etttngy,
/\ s AHA “4,
j = ’ Sie * 2
Director of Finance i ¢ a —
S$ >» meee S$
My Commission expires Oi." -
Ox. <n
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND MITTS
LEGALITY ,
Metropolitan ae S
APPROVED AS TO RISK AND
INSURANCE:
LE of Insurance
7


Application
for
The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, TN
School and Community Garden Grant Program
Name of Garden: Kelly Miller Smith Towers (KMST) Residents’ Community Raised Bed Garden
Project
Address/Location: 2736 Cliff Drive, Nashville, TN 37218
Garden Supervisor/Coordinator: Robert Burton
Email address: robpburton@yahoo.com
Phone number: (675) 254-6505
Paid position: yes x no (check-mark one) — not pacd for this function
Garden Committee members (if any)
Frank Hudson Tomika McShand Malia dresachlers
Alberta Whitelow Nolan Allen Indra West
Ernest Shelton Howard Smith Ronald Stroder
Anthony Harrison David Hodge
Frank Haynes Gail Smith
Note: all committee members are residents of the property
Amount of grant money applying for: § 2,200.00
(Minimum $ 250, Maximum $ 5,000)
Value of matching funds: $f
(Note: matching funds cannot exceed the value of funds applying for)
Not applicable for this specific request
Attach a value listing of matching funds: Not applicable for this specific request.
2
ARCHIVE


Applicants must comply with the following 4 (four) criteria:
1. Only organizations with a non-profit status may apply. “Non-profit status” is
defined by one of the following:

e 501 (c) (3) designation of exemption from federal taxation from the Internal
Revenue Service (IRS) as provided by 26 U.S.C.A. or;

e Incorporation as a non-profit; and the registration identification number
provided by the Secretary of State as a Charitable Organization or proof of
such exemption as allowed.

Attach documentation -- See Attachment #I
2. Organizations must be currently registered with the Tennessee Secretary of State Office
to do business in Tennessee, and have filed the necessary report to the Secretary of
State’s Office of Charitable Solicitation (unless, according to the organization's size, it
does not meet the threshold requirement).
Attach documentation - See Attachment #II
3. Organizations must have been in existence (registered with Secretary of State) for 3
years.
Attach documentation - (Since 1977) - Noted on Attachment #II
4. Organizations must have an audit conducted of the latest completed fiscal year by a
certified public accountant completed within the preceding 12 months of the application
due date. In cases where the fiscal year end does not allow enough time for the
completion of the audit by the application date, the previous year’s report would be
acceptable if completed within the preceding 12 months of the application date.
Attach documentation -- See Attachment #IIT
Letter of support: -- See Cover Letter
Attach a letter of support, signed by the President, CEO Etc., of the non-profit. If the garden is
to be located on school property, this letter of support shall be from the school principal.
Please answer the six questions below. (Form will expand or you may attach additional
sheets.)

4. Provide a brief summary of what you are proposing and include the vision for the

project.

The KMST Resédents’ Community Raised Garden Project is a residents-driven initiative that will
consist of two (2) or more raised bed garden containers for planning of vegetables and fruits by
residents — the older adults and disabled persons. The vision for this Garden Project is that it will
provide an opportunity for residents to have pride in a worthwhile project - the raising of their own
vegetables and fruits for consumption. The primary benefits to be experienced by the residents are:

3


a. increased consumption of vegetables to aid in healthy living,
b. engagement in activities that require only moderate exercise associated with caring
Jor the garden,

¢. companionship in working together for a common goal.
The property residents will plant, harvest and distribute fresh vegetables and fruits during the
spring/summer, as well as fall seasons. The advantages of the Raised Bed Garden containers rather
than traditional plantings is that the elevated heights do not require that residents bend or kneel
which would be challenging to some of the older adults and persons with physical disabilities. Raised
Bed containers, also, do not require as much weeding and related tasks associated with traditional
gardening.
This request for funding is for materials and supplies specifically to:

a) purchase a raised bed garden container identical to or comparable
to the container currently at the site and
b) purchase materials and supplies for constructing a ramp that allows
access to the garden space by physically disabled residents tn
wheelchairs.
2. Provide a garden development and implementation schedule, including the items to
be grown and estimated timeline for harvesting.
The Planting schedule and harvesting will depend on the seasons and the selection of specific vegetables
and fruits to be planted each season. Selections will be made from the Seasonal Guidelines for the
Middle Tennessee regions as listed by the State Agriculture Extension Office.
During the past couple of years a small number of residents planted seeds or cuttings within the
perimeter flower beds at the site and the resulting produce was informally distributed to fellow
residents. In response to the interest shown by residents and recognizing the benefits to residents of
consuming fresh vegetables and fruits, a single raised bed container was installed on the property for
the 2013 spring/summer planting season.
4
ARCHIVE


The results for this past season were modest but the residents are showing considerable interests in
seeing the expansion of this project. Additional containers will allow more participation and greater
production of fresh produce for distribution.
During the first and second years, plans are to plant 3-5 varieties of vegetables and at least 2 varieties
of fruits during the Spring/Summer Planting Season and at least 3 varieties of vegetables during the
Fall Planting Season.
Spring-Summer Schedule
= Spring/ summer 2013 — residents ‘planted tomatoes, squash, turnips, green beans, okra,
cantaloupes, and watermelons. Although the yield was modest, the tomato plantings and
watermelons were the most productive. Results were not as good with the green beans, okra,
squash and cantaloupes.
Fall Schedule
" Fall 2013 plantings — residents have chosen three varieties of greens to plant — purple top,
turnips and kale.
Length of harvest seasons
"= The estimated timeline for harvesting will depend on each variety. As a general rule
anticipated timelines are from 2 weeks to 12 week. See state guide provided by State
Extension Office. See Attachment HIV
Techninal Support
Agriculture Extension Agent, Mary Whitaker, has agreed to serve as advisor as needed offering her
expertise to the site volunteers for the KMS Garden Project. At the appropriate time prior to each
seasonal planting the members of the Garden Project Committee will make selections following the
Guides for this region. As greater results are achieved, the long-range plan is that residents will
broaden selections with a variety of vegetables and fruits.
5
ARCHIVE


3. Provide a plan for the ongoing maintenance of the garden and its long term stability.
The garden will be maintained by the residents — the residents will be responsible for selecting what
vegetables to plant, planting either from seeds or bulbs, And residents will be responsible for the
; routine care of the garden in addition to planting, to include watering, weeding and other needed
cultivation activities.
4. Provide a plan for the distribution of items harvested.
Procedures for equitable distribution are still being deliberated because volume of available produce is
still tentative. The Residents’ Garden Committee will outline distribution procedures. Committee
members are to design questionnaire for input from residents regarding equitable procedures. The
availability of produce during harvesting will have a significant impact on decisions regarding
distribution. Depending on the season some of the home-grown produce may be prepared by cooks
(resident volunteers) in the common area kitchen for consumption during residents’ pot-luck
dinners/ suppers.
5. Provide a proposed budget. See Attachment # V
6. Provide any other pertinent information you would like for the grant committee to
know.
Who are We?
Kelly Miller Smith Towers is a HUD subsidized high-rise facility for low-income persons that’s
home for 110 residents in the North Nashville-Bordeaux community. Approximately 65% of
the residents are 62 years old or older, the remaining residents are disabled. Many of the older
residents are also disabled. Three decades ago in June 1980, the doors of this facility were opened
to provide decent and safe housing to low-income residents. Leadership of the First Baptist
Church Capitol Hill Homes, Inc. (d/o/a Kelly Miller Smith Towers) is committed and
responsive to the needs of the North Nashville community residents.
Alignment of this project with MetroNashville Leadership Priorities:
The opportunity for greater consumption of fresh produce and moderate exercise for persons who
are most often sedentary aligns with two of the hallmarks of Mayor Karl Dean’s and other local
governmental officials strategies to improve the quality of living conditions for Nashville citizens of
all ages.
6
ARCHIVE


The sentiments of the Nashville Livabilty Project are comparable to First Baptist Church
Capitol Hill Homes, Inc. as expressed on the former’s website queries. To paraphrase a few
examples, Is Nashville a Good Place to Grow...Old? Will Nashville Meet Your Needs when
you are 65, 75, 85, 95 or even 105? (www.nashville.gov/ livablenashville). The board members
of First Baptist Church Capitol Hill Homes, are addressing very similar questions relative to
KMST residents to assure that residents are thriving and living healthy hfestyles that extend
their ability to live in independent housing thus delaying the need for institutional living, such as
assisted living or nursing home facilities.

This Garden Project is one component of a Comprehensive Plan to improve the quality of life for
our older adults and disabled residents. To date, other efforts apart from the focus of this grant
have included Health Screenings, and 4-Part Nutritional Information Sessions presented
through the TSU Extension Service. Currently, we are in discussion with the Vanderbilt
Dayani Center to conduct an 8-session Smoke Cessation Training Program for residents at Kelly
Miller Smith Towers.

Sustainability:

The long-term plan for the Raised Bed Garden Project is that this feature will be an integral
component of the amenities offered to residents at this property. Expansion will be approached
incrementally, therefore there will not be substantial outlays of financial resources at any one
period. As needed support through spectalized grants, corporate contributions and/or donations
will be pursued to maintain and expand the Garden Project.

Letter of Support:

Councilman Frank Harrison — 2" District - See Attachment #VI

Applications are due by 3:30 pm, Monday, September 16, 2013
(Only hard copy original applications will be accepted no e-mail applications.
Applications received after this date and time, will not be accepted.)
7
ARCHIVE


Return completed application to:
Agriculture Extension
C/O George M. Killgore
1417 Murfreesboro Pike, 2 Floor
P.O. Box 196300
Nashville, TN 37219-6300
Email: george.killgore@nashville.gov
8


hme
Parr”
Ro
Revised Budget for Kelly Miller Smith Towers Garden Project
September 2013
Total Amount Received - $1,400.00
Amount of Metro
Grant Received
Items
Raised bed Garden Container
To include cost for supplies and labor $900.00*
Handicap ramp for access to garden area
To include cost for supplies and labor $500.00++
Total $1400.00
Notes
*The container to be purchased will be duplicate of previous item purchased — copy of invoice
Attached
++ Estimate for construction of access ramp to include cost for supplies and labor


Budget for Kelly Miller Smith Towers Garden Project
September 2013
Total Amount Requested _- $2,200.00

Amount of Metro
Items Grant Request
Raised bed Garden Container
to include cost for supplies and labor $1,285.00*
Handicap ramp for access to garden area
to include cost for supplies and labor $ 820.00++
Notes
* The container to be purchased will be duplicate of previous item purchased — copy of invoice
attached
++ Estimate for construction of access ramp to include cost for supplies and labor

9
