DocuSign Envelope ID: B803C2E7-2B23-4937-AE22-3596E952A355 
Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and the 
YWCA of Nashville & Middle Tennessee, Contract# L - 'S 832. 
GRANT CONTRACT 
BETWEEN THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT 
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY 
AND YWCA OF NASHVILLE & MIDDLE TENNESSEE 
This Grant Contract issued and entered into pursuant to Substitute BL 2023-1867 by and between the 
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County ("Metro"), and YWCA, ("Recipient"), is for the 
provision of shelter and domestic violence supportive services to residents in Davidson County who are 
domestic violence victims, as further defined in the "SCOPE OF PROGRAM". The Recipient's annual 
report and audit are incorporated herein by reference. 
A. 
SCOPE OF PROGRAM: 
A.1 . 
1 . 
The Recipient will use the funds to: 
Provide emergency shelter to a minimum of 200 unduplicated victims of domestic violence and 155 
children. 
2. 
By exit, 150 residents at shelter will achieve one or more goals from their case plans, such as legal 
advocacy, family therapy sessions, or securing employment. 
3. 
By exit, 50 children (over age 5) and teens in shelter will identify two healthy coping skills they can 
utilize while processing their trauma thus improving overall emotional well-being. 
A.2. 
The Recipient must spend these funds consistent with the Grant Spending Plan, attached and 
incorporated herein as Attachment 1. The Recipient must collect data to evaluate the 
effectiveness of their services and must provide those results to Metro upon request. 
A.3. 
The Recipient will only utilize these funds for services the Recipient provides to documented 
residents of Davidson County. Documentation of residency may be established with a recent 
utility bill; voter's registration card; driver's license or other government issued ID; current record 
from a school showing address; affidavit by landlord; or affidavit by a nonprofit treatment, shelter, 
half-way house, or homeless assistance entity located within Davidson County. Recipient agrees 
that it will not use Metro funding for services to non-Davidson County residents. 
A.4. 
Additionally, the Recipient must collect data on the primary county of residence of the clients it 
serves and provide that data to Metro upon request. 
B. 
GRANT CONTRACT TERM: 
B.1 . 
Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant will be twelve (12) months, commencing on July 1, 
2023 and ending on June 30, 2024. Metro will have no obligation for services rendered by the 
Recipient that are not performed within this term. 
C. 
PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS: 
C.1 . 
Maximum Liability. In no event will Metro's maximum liability under this Grant Contract exceed 
two hundered seventy five thousand dollars ($275,000). The Grant Spending Plan will constitute 
the maximum amount to be provided to the Recipient by Metro for all of the Recipient's 
obligations hereunder. The Grant Spending Plan line items include, but are not limited to, all 
applicable taxes, fees, overhead, and all other direct and indirect costs incurred or to be incurred 
by the Recipient. 
lN0440242.1) 
Subject to modification and amendments as provided in section D.2 of this agreement, this 
amount will constitute the Grant Amount and the entire compensation to be provided to the 
Recipient by Metro. 
1 
ARCHIVE


DocuSign Envelope ID: B803C2E7-2B23-4937-AE22-3596E952A355 
Grant contract between the Metropolltan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and the 
YWCA of Nashville & Middle Tennessee, Contract# L • S S 3.Z. 
C.2. 
Payment Methodology. The Recipient will only be compensated for actual costs based upon 
the Grant Spending Plan, not to exceed the maximum liability established in Section C.1. 
Upon progress toward the completion of the work, as described in Section A of this Grant 
Contract, the Recipient shall submit invoices and any supporting documentation as requested by 
Metro to demonstrate that the funds are used as required by this Grant, prior to any payment for 
allowable costs. Such Invoices shall be submitted no more often than monthly and indicate at a 
minimum the amount charged by Spending Plan line-item for the period invoiced, the amount 
charged by line-item to date, the total amount charged for the period invoiced, and the total 
amount charged under this Grant Contract to date. 
Recipient must send all invoices to Dolly Cook @ dollycook@jisnashville.gov 
Final invoices for the contract period should be received by Dolly Cook by July 15, 2024. Any 
invoice not received by the deadline date will not be processed and all remaining grant funds will 
expire. 
C.3. 
Annual Expenditure Report. The Recipient must submit a final grant Annual Expenditure 
Report, to be received by Metro's Office of Grants and Accountability (OGA), within 45 days of 
the end or the Grant contract. Said report must be in form and substance acceptable to Metro 
and must be prepared by a Certified Public ;:l,ccounting Firm or the Chief Financial Officer of the 
Recipient Organization. 
C.4. 
Payment of Invoice. The payment of any invoice by Metro will not prejudice Metro's right to 
object to the invoice or any other related matter. Any payment by Metro will neither be construed 
as acceptance of any part of the work or service provided nor as an approval of any of the costs 
included therein. 
C.5. 
Unallowable Costs. The Recipient's invoice may be subject to reduction for amounts included in 
any invoice or payment theretofore made which are determined by Metro, on the basis of audits 
or monitoring conducted in accordance with the terms of this Grant Contract, to constitute 
unallowable costs. Utilization of Metro funding for services to non-Davidson County residents is 
not allowed. 
C.6. 
Deductions. Metro reserves the right to adjust any amounts which are or become due and 
payable to the Recipient by Metro under this or any Contract by deducting any amounts which are 
or become due and payable to Metro by the Recipient under this or any Contract. 
C.7. 
Travel Compensation. Payment to the Recipient for travel, meals, or lodging is subject to 
amounts and limitations specified in Metro's Travel Regulations and subject to the Grant 
Spending Plan. 
C.8. 
Electronic Payment. Metro requires as a condition of this contract that the Recipient have on 
file with Metro a completed and signed "ACH Form for Electronic Payment". If Recipient has not 
previously submitted the form to Metro or if Recipient's information has changed, Recipient will 
have thirty (30) days to complete, sign, and return the form. Thereafter, all payments to the 
Recipient, under this or any other contract the Recipient has with Metro, must be made 
electronically. 
D. 
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS: 
0 .1. 
Required Approvals. Metro is not bound by this Grant Contract until It is approved by the 
appropriate Metro representatives as indicated on the signature page of this Grant. 
(N0440242.l) 
2 
ARCHIVE


DocuSign Envelope ID: B803C2E7-2B23-4937-AE22-3596E952A355 
Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and the 
YWCA of Nashville & Middle Tennessee, Contract# L- -S 8 a-z. 
0.2. 
Modification and Amendment. This Grant Contract may be modified only by a written 
amendment that has been approved in accordance with all Metro procedures and by appropriate 
legislation of the Metropolitan Council. 
0 .3.1 
Termination for Cause. Should the Recipient fail to properly perform its obligations under this 
Grant Contract or if the Recipient violates any terms of this Grant Contract, Metro will have the 
right to immediately terminate the Grant Contract and the Recipient must return to Metro any and 
all grant monies for services or programs under the grant not performed as of the termination 
date. The Recipient must also return to Metro any and all funds expended for purposes contrary 
to the terms of the Grant. Such termination will not relieve the Recipient of any liability to Metro 
for damages sustained by virtue of any breach by the Recipient. 
0 .3.2. Termination-Notice. Metro may terminate the Grant Contract without cause for any reason. 
Said termination shall not be deemed a Breach of Contract by Metro. Metro shall give the 
Recipient at least thirty (30) days written notice before the effective termination date. 
O.3.2.a. The Recipient shall be entitled to receive compensation for satisfactory, authorized service 
completed as of the effective termination date, but in no event shall Metro be liable to the 
Recipient for compensation for any service that has not been rendered. 
O.3.2.b. Upon such termination, the Recipient shall have no right to any actual general, special, 
incidental, consequential, or any other damages whatsoever of any description or amount. 
0 .3.3. Termination -Funding. The Grant Contract is subject to the appropriation and availability of 
local, State and/or Federal funds. In the event that the funds are not appropriated or are 
otherwise unavailable, Metro shall have the right to terminate the Grant Contract immediately 
upon written notice to the Recipient. Upon receipt of the written notice, the Recipient shall cease 
all work associated with the Grant Contract on or before the effective termination date specified in 
the written notice. Should such an event occur, the Recipient shall be entitled to compensation for 
all satisfactory and authorized services completed as of the effective termination date. The 
Recipient shall be responsible for repayment of any funds already received in excess of 
satisfactory and authorized services completed as of the effective termination date. 
0.4. 
Subcontracting. The Recipient may not assign this Grant Contract or enter into a subcontract 
for any of the services performed under this Grant Contract without obtaining the prior written 
approval of Metro. Notwithstanding any use of approved subcontractors, the Recipient will be 
considered the prime Recipient and will be responsible for all work performed. 
D.5. 
Conflicts of Interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount will be paid 
directly or indirectly to an employee or official of Metro as wages, compensation, or gifts in 
exchange for acting as an officer, agent, employee, subcontractor, or consultant to the Recipient 
in connection with any work contemplated or performed relative to this Grant Contract. 
0 .6. 
Nondiscrimination. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person will be 
excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination 
in the performance of this Grant Contract or in the employment practices of the Recipient on the 
grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other classification 
which is in violation of applicable laws. The Recipient must, upon request, show proof of such 
nondiscrimination and must post in conspicuous places, available to all employees and 
applicants, notices of nondiscrimination. 
D.7. 
Records. The Recipient must maintain documentation for all charges to Metro under this Grant 
Contract. The books, records, and documents of the Recipient, insofar as they relate to work 
performed or money received under this Grant Contract, must be maintained for a period of three 
(3) full years from the date of the final payment or until the Recipient engages a licensed 
(N0440247,l) 
3 
ARCHIVE


DocuSign Envelope ID: B803C2E7-2B23-4937-AE22-3596E952A355 
Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and the 
YWCA of Nashville & Middle Tennessee, Contract# L - 5 5 3 2. 
independent public accountant to perform an audit of its activities. The books, records, and 
documents of the Recipient insofar as they relate to work performed or money received under this 
Grant Contract are subject to audit at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by Metro 
or its duly appointed representatives. Records must be maintained in accordance with the 
standards outlined in the Metro Grants Manual. The financial statements must be prepared in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
D.8. 
Monitoring. The Recipient's activities conducted and records maintained pursuant to this Grant 
Contract are subject to monitoring and evaluation by The Metropolitan Office of Financial 
Accountability or Metro's duly appointed representatives. The Recipient must make all audit, 
accounting, or financial records, notes, and other documents pertinent to this grant available for 
review by the Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability, Internal Audit or Metro's 
representatives, upon request, during normal working hours. 
D.9. 
Reporting. The Recipient must submit an Interim Report by no later than the January 31, 
2024. A Final Program Report is to be received by the Office of Famlly Safety within 45 (forty-
five] days (August 15, 2024) of the end of the Grant Contract. Said reports shall detail the 
Recipient's progress on each of the core metrics identified in the grant solicitation and any 
program specific and/or outcome measure identified in the Recipient's Grant Spending Plan as 
funded under this Grant Contract. 
Additional metrics and reporting may be requested over the course of this cycle. Program Reports 
must should be submitted to LaToya Townsend at latoyatownsend@jisnashville.gov 
D.10. 
Strict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist in any one or more cases upon the strict 
performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement is not a 
waiver or relinquishment of any such term, covenant, condition, or provision. No term or condition 
of this Grant Contract is considered to be waived, modified, or deleted except by a written 
amendment by the appropriate parties as indicated on the signature page of this Grant. 
D.11. 
Insurance. The Recipient agrees to carry adequate public liability and other appropriate forms of 
insurance, and to pay all applicable taxes incident to this Grant Contract. 
IN0440242 1) 
D.11 .1 General Liability Insurance 
In the amount of one million ($1,000,000.00) dollars 
D.11.2 Automobile Liability Insurance 
In the amount of one million ($1,000,000.00) dollars (if vendor will be making on-site deliveries} 
D.11.3 Sexual Molestation and Abuse Insurance 
In the amount of one million ($1,000,000.00) dollars. 
D.11.6 Such Insurance shall: 
Contain or be endorsed to contain a provision that includes METRO, its officials, officers, 
employees, and volunteers as additional insureds with respect to liability arising out of work or 
operations performed by or on behalf of the Recipient including materials, parts, or equipment 
furnished in connection with such work or operations. The coverage shall contain no special 
limitations on the scope of Its protection afforded to the above-listed insureds. 
For any claims related to this agreement, Recipient's Insurance coverage shall be primary 
insurance as respects METRO, its officers, officials, employees, and volunteers. Any Insurance 
or self-insurance programs covering METRO, its officials, officers, employees, and volunteers 
shall be excess of Recipient's insurance and shall not contribute with it. 
0.11.7 
4 
ARCHIVE


DocuSign Envelope ID: B803C2E7-2B23-4937-AE22-3596E952A355 
Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and the 
YWCA of Nashville & Middle Tennessee, Contract# L. - 5532. 
Recipient shall furnish METRO with original certificates and amendatory endorsements effecting 
coverage required by this section and proviole that such insurance shall not be cancelled, allowed 
to expire, or be materially reduced in coverage except on 30 days' prior written notice to: 
DEPARTMENT OF LAW 
INSURANCE AND RISK MANAGEMENT 
METROPOLITAN COURTHOUSE, SUITE 108 
PO BOX 196300 
NASHVILLE, TN 37219-6300 
Provide certified copies of endorsements and policies if requested by METRO in lieu of or in 
addition to certificates of insurance. 
Replace certificates, policies, and/or endorsements for any such insurance expiring prior to 
completion of services. Maintain such insurance from the time services commence until services 
are completed and attach the certificates of insurance in the METRO system. Failure to maintain 
or renew coverage or to provide evidence of renewal may be treated by METRO as a material 
breach of contract. 
Place such insurance with insurer licensed to business in Tennessee and having A.M. Best 
Company ratings of no less than A-. Modification of this standard may be considered upon 
appeal to the METRO Director of Risk Management Services. 
Any deductibles and/or self-insured retentions greater than $10,000.00 must be disclosed to and 
approved by METRO prior to the commencement of services. 
If the Recipient has or obtains primary or excess policy(ies), there shall be no gap between the 
limits of the primary policy and the deductible features of the excess policies. 
D.12. 
Metro Liability. Metro will have no liability except as specifically provided in this Grant Contract. 
D. 13. 
Independent Contractor._ Nothing herein will in any way be construed or intended lo create a 
partnership or joint venture between the Recipient and Metro or to create the relationship of 
principal and agent between or among the Recipient and Metro. The Recipient must not hold 
Itself out in a manner con1rary to the terms of this paragraph. Metro will not become liable for any 
representation, act, or omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph. 
D. 14. Indemnification and Hold Harmless. 
(N0400242. lf 
(a) Recipient agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Metro, its officers, agents and 
employees from any claims. damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees for injuries or damages 
arising, In part or in whole, from the negligent or intentional acts or omissions of Recipient, its 
officers. employees and/or agents, including its sub or independent contractors, in connection 
with the performance of the contract, and any claims, damages, penalties. costs and attorney 
fees arising from any failure of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub 
or independent contractors, to observe applicable laws, Including, but not limited to, labor laws 
and minimum wage laws. 
(b) Metro will not indemnify, defend or hold harmless in any fashion the Recipient from any 
claims, regardless of any language in any attachment or other document that the Recipient may 
provide. 
(c) Recipient will pay Metro any expenses incurred as a result of Recipient's failure to fulfill any 
obligation in a professional and timely manner under this Contract. 
5 
ARCHIVE


DocuSign Envelope ID: B803C2E7-2823-4937-AE22-3596E952A355 
Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and the 
YWCA of Nashville & Middle Tennessee, Contract# L- 5632 
(d) Recipient's duties under this section will survive the termination or expiration of the grant. 
D.15. 
Force Majeure. The obligations of the parties to this Grant Contract are subject to prevention by 
causes beyond the parties' control that could not be avoided by the exercise of due care 
including, but not limited to, acts of God, riots, wars, strikes, epidemics or any other similar cause. 
D.16. 
State, Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with all applicable 
federal, state and local laws and regulations in the performance of this Grant Contract. 
D.17. 
Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction and effect of this Grant Contract and any 
and all extensions and/or modifications theireof WIii be governed by and construed in accordance 
with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The venue for legal action concerning this Grant 
Contract will be in the courts of Davidson County, Tennessee. 
D.18. 
Completeness. This Grant Contract is complete and contains the entire understanding between 
the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein, including all the terms and conditions 
of the parties' agreement. This Grant Contract supersedes any and all prior understandings, 
representations, negotiations, and agreements between the parties relating hereto, whether 
written or oral. 
D.19. 
Headings. Section headings are for reference purposes only and will not be construed as part of 
this Grant Contract. 
D.20. 
Metro Interest in Equipment. The Recipient will take legal title to all equipment and to all motor 
vehicles, hereinafter referred to as "equipment," purchased totally or in part with funds provided 
under this Grant Contract, subject to Metro's equitable Interest therein, to the extent of its pro rata 
share, based upon Metro's contribution to the purchase price. "Equipment" is defined as an 
article of nonexpendable, tangible, personal property having a useful life of more than one year 
and an acquisition cost which equals or exceeds $5,000.00. 
The Recipient agrees to be responsible for the accountability, maintenance, management, and 
inventory of all property purchased totally or in part with funds provided under this Grant Contract. 
Upon termination of the Grant Contract, where a further contractual relationship Is not entered 
into, or at any time during the term of the Grant Contract, the Recipient must request written 
approval from Metro for any proposed dlspositioh of equipment purchased with Grant funds. All 
equipment must be disposed of in such a manner as parties may agree as appropriate and in 
accordance with any applicable federal, state or local laws or regulations. 
D. 21. 
Assignment-Consent Required. The provisions of this contract will inure to the benefit of and 
will be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Except for 
the rights of money due to Recipient under this contract. neither this contract nor any of the rights 
and obligations of Recipient hereunder may be assigned or transferred in whole or in part without 
the prior written consent of Metro. Any such assignment or transfer will not release Recipient 
from its obligations hereunder. Notice O'f assignment of any rights to money due to Recipient 
under this Contract must be sent to the attention of the Metro Department of Finance. 
D.22. 
Gratuities and Kickbacks. It will be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or 
agree lo give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to 
solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a gratuity or an offer of 
employment In connection with any decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation, 
preparations of any part of a program requirement or a purchase request, influencing the content 
of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any 
other advisory capacity In any proceeding or application, requesl for ruling, determination, claim 
or controversy In any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or 
controversy or other particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or 
{N0440242 11 
6 
ARCHIVE


DocuSign Envelope ID: B803C2E7-2823-4937-AE22-3596E952A355 
Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and the 
YWCA of Nashville & Middle Tennessee, Contract# L - SS~2 
subcontract or to any solicitation or proposal therefore. It will be a breach of ethical standards for 
any payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor under 
a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or a person associated therewith, 
as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach of the provisions of this 
paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of ethical standards which may 
result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or suspension from participation in 
Metropolitan Government contracts. 
D.23. 
Communications and Contacts. All instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other 
communications from the Recipient required or contemplated by this Grant Contract must be in 
writing and must be made by facsimile transmission, or by first class mail, addressed to the 
respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or address as set forth below or to such 
other party, facsimile number, or address as may be hereafter specified by written notice. 
Metro 
For contract-related matters: 
Office of Grants and Accountability 
700 2nd Avenue South, Suite 201 
PO Box 196300 
Na:5hville, TN 37219-6300 
(615) 862-6726 phone, (615) 880-2800 fax 
Recipient 
Ms. Sharon K Roberson, President & CEO 
YWCA of Nashville & Middle Tennessee 
1608 Woodmont Blvd 
Nashville, Tennessee 37215 
For enquiries regarding invoices: 
Office of Management & Budget 
700 2nd Avenue South, Suite 201 
PO Box 196300 
Nashvllle, TN 37219-6300 
(615) 862-6509, (615) 880-2800 fax 
D.24. 
Lobbying. The Recipient certifies, to the best of its knowledge and belief, that: 
a. 
No federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid, by or on behalf of the 
Recipient, to any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee 
of any agency, a Member of Congress in connection with the awarding of any federal 
contract, the making of any federal grant, the making of any federal loan, and entering 
into of any cooperative agreement, and the extension, continuation, renewal, 
amendment, or modification of any federal contract, grant, loan, or cooperative 
agreement. 
b. 
If any funds other than federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid to any 
person for influencing or attempting to influence an offieer or employee of any agency, a 
Member of Congress, an officer or employee of Congress, or an employee of a Member 
of Congress rn connection with this ~,rant, loan, or cooperative agreement, the Recipient 
must complete and submit Standard Form-LLL, "Disclosure Form to Report Lobbying," in 
accordance with its instructions. 
c. 
The Recipient will require that the language of this certification be included in the award 
documents for all sub-awards at all tiers (includfng sub-grants, subcontracts, and 
contracts under grants, loans, and cooperative agreements) and that all subcontractors of 
federally appropriated funds shall certify and disclose accordingly. 
D.25. 
Iran Divestment Act. In accordance with the Iran Divestment Act, Tennessee Code Annotated§ 
12-12- ·1 -1 et seq., Recipient certifies that to the best of its knowledge and belief, neither Recipient 
nor any of its subcontractors are on the 11st created pursuant to Tennessee Code Annotated§ 12-
12-1 06. Misrepresentation may result In civil and criminal sanctions, Including contract 
(N0440242.1} 
7 
ARCHIVE


DocuSign Envelope ID: B803C2E7-2B23-4937-AE22-3596E952A355 
Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Naahvllle and Davidson County and the 
YWCA o f Nashvllle & 
Mlddle Tennessee, C o n t r a c t # 
L 
-
5 8 32. 
termination, debarment, or suspension from being a contractor or subcontractor under Metro 
contracts. 
D. 26 
Effective Date. This contract will not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed first by 
the Recipient and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government and 
has been filed in the office of the Metropolitan Clerk. When it has been so signed and filed, this 
contract will be effective as of the date first written apove. 
(THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK.) 
{N0440242.1J 
8 
ARCHIVE


DocuSign Envelope ID: B803C2E7-2B23-4937-AE22-3596E952A355 
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF 
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY 
GRANT SPENDING PLAN 
RECIPIENT NAME: YWCA Nashville & Middle Tennessee 
THE FOLLOWING IS APPLICABLE TO EXPENSES PLANNED TO BE INCURRED DURING THE 
CONTRACT GRANT PERIOD: 07101/23 throu1 h 06130/24 
EXPENSE OBJECT LINE-ITEM 
METRO GRANT 
RECIPIENT 
TOTAL PROJECT 
CATEGORY 
FUNDS 
MATCH 
(participation) 
Salaries and Wages 
$229,385.40 
$229,385.40 
Benefits and Taxes [(20%)] 
$45,614.60 
$45,614.60 
Professional Fees 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Supplies 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Communications 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Postage and Shipping 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Occupancy 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Equipment Rental and Maintenance 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Printing and Publications 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Travel/ Conferences and Meetings 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Insurance 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Specific Assistance to Individuals 
$0.00 
$0.00 
Other Non-Personnel 
$0.00 
$0.00 
GRAND TOTAL 
$275,000.00 
$275,000.00 
https://ywcaofnashvillemid.sharepoint.com/sites/finance/Shared Documents/General/Grant Billing/Metro 
Appropriation/FY24/Spending Plan FY24 (2) 
ARCHIVE


DocuSign Envelope ID: B803C2E7-2B23-4937-AE22-3596E952A355 
John Cooper 
MAYOR 
.. 
METROPOLITAN GOVERN 
LL..E AND DAVIDSON COUNTY 
DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE 
700 2•0 AVENUE SOUTH, SUITE 201 
NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE 37210 
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County 
Recipient of Direct Appropriation 
Certifications of Assurance 
Recipient Name 
As a condition of receipt of this funding, the Recipient assures that it will comply fully with the 
provisions of the following laws. 
• 
The Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) of 1990, 42 U.S.C. Section 12116; 
• 
Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended which prohibits discrimination on the 
basis of race, color, and national origin; 
• 
Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, which prohibits discrimination 
against qualified individuals with disabilities; 
CERTIFICATION REGARDING LOBBYING • Certification for Contracts, Grants, Loans, and 
Cooperative Agreements 
By accepting this funding, the signee hereby certifies, to the best of his or her knowledge and 
belief, that: 
a. 
No federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid, by or on behalf of the 
Recipient, to any person for Influencing or attempting to influence an officer or 
employee of any agency, a Member of Congress in connection with the awarding of 
any federal contract, the making of any federal grant, the making of any federal loan, 
and entering Into of any cooperative agreement, and the extension, continuation, 
renewal, amendment, or modification of any federal contract, grant, loan, or 
cooperative agreement. 
b. 
If any runds other than federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid to 
any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any 
agency, a Member of Congress. an officer or employee of Congress, or an employee 
of a Member of Congress In connection with this grant, loan, or cooperative 
agreement, the Recipient shall complete and submit Standard Form-LLL, "Disclosure 
Form to Report Lobbying," in accordance with Its instructions. 
c. 
The Recipient shall require that the language of this certification be included in the 
award documents for all sub-awards at all tiers (including sub-grants, subcontracts, 
and contracts under grants, loans, and cooperative agreements) and that all sub-
/} reclpjnts ot)"5terally appropriated funds shall certify and disclose accordingly. 
~~t 
?/[/t~ 
Signature of A thorized Repre ~Jantar 
Name: 
(..,, 
Title: 
r- l.f, 
Agency Nam : -,#-IQ...<.L..-..<;;L..-'-~::.....::.,::...,--=-
;:,;. 
Date: __ 
....._.......,~-..i-4L...-,,::;. ...... ,-------
ARCHIVE


DocuSign Envelope ID: 8803C2E7-2823-4937-AE22-3596E952A355 
Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and the 
YWCA of Nashville & Middle Tennessee, Contract# L- 5' 832-
{N044U24Z,1) 
RECIPIENT: The YWCA of Nash~; 
e & 
Midd~ssee 
//· 
. 
By: 2f_~L 
Title: ~ 
cf>ie'l\"i-
d, Gf::{:) 
9 
ARCHIVE


DocuSign Envelope ID: B803C2E7-2B23-4937-AE22-3596E952A355 
Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and the 
YWCA of Nashville & Middle Tennessee, Contract# L - S8 3 2 
THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT 
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON 
~ 
~----
• Department 
{N0440242.1) 
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF 
(:~ 
~~ 
Director of Finance 
APPROVED AS TO RISK AND 
INSURANCE: 
r:-"' 
L~~ 
.. ~~ 
Director of Insurance 
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND 
LEGALITY 
~~~~ 
Metropolitan Attorney 
Metropolitan Clerk 
10 
ARCHIVE
