. 7: A-2B~ BO
RECEIVED
apy, =METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE AIRPORT AUTHORITY
ey pgs Oi, TERMINAL DRIVE # SLITE 501 ¢ NASHVILLE. TENNESSEE 37214 © ois) 2pasoo APR 8 1988
; ; ; METROPOLITAN, |.
ore CLERK
February 5, 1988
Mr. Jack Kratochvil ‘
Transportation Training Specialists, Inc. .
619 Second Street :
Hudson, Wisconsin 54016 :
' LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING
Dear Mr. Kratochvil: . .
This Letter of Understanding is by and between the Metropolitan
Nashville Airport Authority, hereinafter referred to as the
"Authority", and Transportation Training Specialists, Inc., hereinafter
referred to as "Permittee". The purpose of this Letter of
Understanding is to incorporate the terms and conditions concerning the
Permittee's use of "C” parking lot in the old terminal complex at the
Nashville Metropolitan Airport in order to establish and conduct a
defensive driver training course.
1. The area to be used is "C" parking lot in the
old terminal complex at the Nashville Metropolitan
Airport as depicted on Exhibit "A", attached hereto
and made a part hereof, héreinafter referred.to as : :
the "Premises". ; . . ; .
2. The Permittee shall have the right to use said Premises, ~~ ~
from and after the execution of this Letter of
' Understanding, for a period of one (1) month, Thereafter,
this Letter of Understanding shall be automatically renewed ~ .
on a month to month basis unless terminated as provided
. for herein. .
3. Permittee accepts this Letter of Understanding and
agrees to pay to the Authority a fee of One Hundred
and 00/100 ($100.00) Dollars per week, or portion
: thereof, during which Permittee utilizes the
Premises. Payment of all fees to the Authority shall
be due upon mutual agreement between the parties of
a satisfactory schedule for use of the Premises. No
: refunds shall be granted for Permittee's failure to
use the Premises as specified in said schedule unless
such failure is caused solely by the Authority. .
EE
. ‘ _ COMMISSIONERS ; PRESIDENT
Robert C.H. Mathews, Jr., Chairman Norma W. Gaskill » HL Miller Lanier William G. Moore, Jr.
David K. Wilson, Vice Chairman . Frank C. Gorrell William Joe Whitson General USAF (Retirpd)
James T. Fugu John E. Greer Toby Wilt ARC H IVE


. L ,
Mr. Jack Kratochvil
February 5, 1988
Page 2

4. Prior to execution of this Letter of Understanding,
Permittee shall deposit with the Authority Four Hundred
and 00/100 ($400.00) Dollars which shall be held by the
Authority for payment of any claims, damages, or

‘ delinquent fees. Upon termination of this Letter of
Understanding, any balance remaining after deduction for °
any claims, damages, or delinquent fees, shall be returned
to Permittee.

5. The Premises hereunder shall only be used by Permittee
for the set-up and conduct of a defensive driver training

: course. Permittee will not make nor. permit any permanent
changes or improvements to the Premises for use. It is
fully understood and agreed that the Permittee will be
expected to remove its equipment and to clean-up any debris
or refuse following use of the Premises.

6. Permittee agrees to repair any damage to the Premises,
caused by Permittee's use thereof, which is not attributable

; to normal wear and tear or which inhibits further use of the
Premises for any purpose for which it was designed or for
which it may reasonable be used.

7. Permittee shall protect, defend, indemnify and hold the
Authority and its Board of Commissioners, officers, and
employees completely harmless from and against any and all
liabilities, demands, suits, claims, losses, fines, or
judgments arising by reason of the injury or death of any
person or damage to any property, including all reasonable
costs for investigation and defense thereof (including but :
not limited to attorney fees, court costs, and expert fees),
of any nature whatsoever arising out of or incident to this
Letter of Understanding or Permittee's use of the Premises
or the acts or omissions of Permittee's officers, or

‘ invitees regardless of where the injury, death or damage may
occur; unless such injury, death or damage is caused by the
sole negligence of Authority. The Authority’ shall give
Permittee reasonable notice of any such claims or actions.
Permittee, in carrying out its obligations hereunder, shall

. use counsel reasonably acceptable to Authority. The
. provisions of this section shall survive the expiration or
earlier termination of this Letter of Understanding.

8. Permittee agrees to maintain automobile liability insurance
in‘an amount of not less than One Million Dollars
($1,000,000) combined single limit during the term of this
Letter of Understanding and any renewals thereof. Such
insurance policies must name the Authority, its Board of
Commissioners, its officers, and its employees as additional

ARCHIVE


Mr. Jack Kratochvil
February 5, 1988
Page 3
insured to the full extent of Permittee's insurance coverage
but in no event less than the required minimum coverage
; limit amount.
Permittee agrees that all insurance policies shall contain a
severability of interest or cross-liability provision
endorsement which shall read generally as follows:
In the event of one of the assureds incurring liability
. to any other of the assureds, this policy shall cover the
assured against whom claim is or may be made in the same
Manner as if separate policies had been issued to each
assured. Nothing contained herein shall operate to
. increase the limits of liability.
Permittee agrees that all insurance policies shall provide
that they will not be altered or cancelled without thirty
(30) days advance written notice to the Authority. Such
insurance must provide that it will be considered primary
insurance as respects any other valid and collectible
insurance, or self-insured retention, or deductible the
Authority may possess. Any other insurance or self-insured
retention of the Authority shall be considered excess
insurance only.
The Authority shall have the right to change the insurance.
coverage and the insurance limits required of Permittee,
. without any cost to the Authority, if such changes are
recommended or imposed by the Authority's insurors.
Permittee shall obtain all insurance required from an
insurance company or companies licensed to do business in .
. the State of Tennessee. The insurance company must be
. : ’ acceptable to the Authority. Approval may be denied a ~
company based on its Best rating or other indication of
financial inadequacy.
Permittee shall provide to the Authority such evidence of
compliance with Authority's insurance requirements as the
Authority may from time to time request. At a minimum, the
Permittee shall provide, at the commencement of the Letter
of Understanding, a Certificate of Insurance. All such
certificates shall be completed to show compliance with
Permittee'’s obligations hereunder, specifically as to the
indemnification and notice provisions. The Authority may
. also require copies of the declaration page, insurance
policy, and endorsements thereto.
If Permittee or its insurance company fails to promptly
ARCHIVE


Mr. Jack Kratochvil

February 5, 1988

Page 4
‘respond to Authority's request for adequate evidence of
compliance with the insurance provisions Authority may, in
addition to all its other remedies, charge Permittee an
amount equal to ten percent (10%) of the fees required
hereunder until such evidence is provided.
If Permittee shall at any time fail to insure or keep
insured as aforesaid, the Authority may do all things
necessary to effect or maintain such insurance and all
monies expended by it for that purpose shall be repayable by
the Permittee as an additional fee in the month the premium
or premiums are paid by the Authority. If any insurance
policies required hereunder cannot be obtained for any .
reason, the Authority may require Permittee to cease any and
all operations until coverage is obtained. If such
insurance coverage is not obtained within a reasonable
period of time, to be determined solely by the Authority,
the Authority may terminate this Letter of Understanding.

9. Permittee agrees to conduct its affairs and business

: on the Premises in conformity with all applicable federal,
state and local laws and regulations as well as in confor-
mity with rules and regulations promulgated by the
Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority.

10. Permittee may not assign or sublet its right to the use of
the Premises.

ll. Either party may cancel this Letter of Understanding with

- ten (10) days advance written notice at any time, for any
reason.

. 12. If Permittee violates any of the terms of this Letter of
Understanding, the Authority may cancel without any prior
notice its right to.use subject Premises, being expected to
immediately vacate the Premises without any right or
recourse or action against the Metropolitan Nashville
Airport Authority.

13. If the Authority has paid any sum or sums or has incurred
any obligations or expenses which the Permittee has agreed
to pay or reimburse Authority for, or if Authority is
required or elects to pay any sum or sums Or incurs any
obligations or expenses by reason of the failure, neglect or

: refusal of the Permittee to perform or fulfill any one or
more of the conditions, covenants or agreements contained in
this Letter of Understanding, or as a result of any act or
omission of the Permittee contrary to the said conditions,
covenants and agreements, the Permittee agrees to pay the

ARCHIVE


Mr. Jack Kratochvil

February 5, 1988

Page 5
sum or sums so paid or the expense so incurred, including
all interest costs, damages and penalties, and the same may
be added to any payment thereafter due hereunder, and each
and every part of the same shall be and become additional
payment recoverable by Authority in the same manner and with

. like remedies as if it were originally a part of the basic

payment for rights granted.

14. All schedules and operations on the Premises must be
approved and coordinated through Mr. Phil Moore, Chief of
the Authority's Safety and Security Division, who may be
reached at (615) 275-1689.

ARCHIVE


Mr. Jack Kratochvil
February 5, 1988
Page 6 .
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Authority and Permittee have executed’
this Letter of Understanding this yt day of Fa , 1988.
AUTHORITY:
ATTEST: METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE AIRPORT
: AUTHORITY:
. f DD . .
LG 2 Bye EI BY: 4 IOI i es :
Secretary Will@amA.Moore, Jr.
Presiaént
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY: RECOMMENDED BY:
Legal Counge £ E 7
Stokes & Bartholomew, P.A.
Third National Financial Center
Nashville, Tennessee 37219
PERMITTEE:
“ TRANSPORTATION TRAINING
‘ SPECIALISTS, INC.
BY: -
TITLE: bos .


mo _ CERTIFICATE OF ACKNOWLEDGEMENT ;
\ ' A .
STATE OF SCOnASAN
COUNTY OF SA. Croix
Before me, 4 FCW. E. s Sa Angw
, of the state and county aforesaid, personally
. 4 +
apceared aul kJ. Himblin , With whon I én
personally acquainted, and who upon oath, acknowledged himself to be the
Fes iden Pt
Ti ; , f: Trains % ‘alist Tre.
the within barcainor, a corporation, and that he as such, Wesid Cnt
, being authorized so to éo, executed the
foregcing instrument for the purpose therein containec, by signing the neme
"o£ the corporation by himself as _ Feeeiderf
Witness my hand and seal, at office in Ab dson, l/ , this
; Zest day of _ Fes, 19 SF. ~ oO
. Notary Public = >
Tes
Mv Commission Expires: Z /7, [P7. _ ARCHIVE


Oo ;
~ i A. “) i \ 4 i \€J | (™ I) / 4
aN. a iad Sak f / “
Sells ite), SAY!
SIN Se Se 8 i ee
2 NG ee rn ae
h Sst Zed TT I TTL |
( Mera A aks HG NaS Wi f PVC a we |
GEN Neg HENS Re CERN
CSSA RS CONS SRS REL |
ERE RBARNRED EE nt
ESS RRA ESSE TL ER ON
PS AN NS \ pL) = MiSs fee EHR Re AS |
me aN a OPES FLY DT fa NI ;
DIN. 22a SIRES hee BR EE RETA os]
AAT RY S GN INS RD BE EA f [Pet ASIN EC
VE SSO GW) ASSEN
“ oie ay ‘S ° 3 Hf HON . f ASE Ne af
- ae 0 oN f Py . = er, . 4]. EG 3 Fe net NS
? Lak = ORY SORT Pes sim ~. ‘ f <3]
— =a i ry } ‘ oOo MIP A as ‘yi
a rf - E indi wo 7 y
SS ty 7 SS <4 ee F
Be) aes os ea)
Le» = "Tt gee J Rhee ORS i Se 25h ..* end)
REE DT Ne EPR Te EMIS SS Ce
Te! fi LS AMY WN ay) if Ree [EN mI RD] |
He NI AS 9
ah 7 Sp. + He a iN, yy » SALA
fa i i” HP fgets RINGS |
ff Sa JTS LPS PS
ff WT [ope 7 13 este! i pane (
if Fi i — b if / ep ~ CSA \
PL! pt Re POSS \
METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE AIRPORT AUTHORITY NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE
AIRPORT LAYOUT PLAN
Tebert Cax & Assocores Pe MARCH [987 :
EXHIBIT "A" —-
moe ARCHIVE
