: - _ —
we Fimac Lense
. MBER
U.S. GOVERNMENT LEASE FOR REAL PROPERTY ' note. i
(Short Form) YB Ile
PART 1 - SOLICITATION/DESGRIPTION OF REQUIREMENTS (To be completed by Government)

a ch iO
A, REQUIREMENTS
rE
The Government of the United States of America is seeking to lease approximately 4,355 rentable square feet of office and
. related space located in Nashville, TN for occupancy not later than 09/31/2007 for a term of ten (10) years, five (5) years

firm. Rentable space must yield a minimum of 3,788 square feet of ANSI/BOMA Office Area (previously Usable) for use by
Tenant for personnel, furnishing, and equipment.

INITIAL OFFERS ARE DUE ON OR BEFORE CLOSE OF BUSINESS 07/11/2007.
a
B. STANDARO CONDITIONS AND REQUIREMENTS
ee
The following standard conditions and requirements shail apply to any premises offered for lease to the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA (hereinafter

called the GOVERNMENT):
Space offered must be in a quality bullding of sound and substantial construction, either a new, modem building or one that has undergone
restoration or rehabilitation for the intended use.
The Lessor shall provide a valid Certificate of Occupancy for the intanded use of the Government and shall meet, maintain, and operate the building
in conformance with all applicable current (as of the date of this solicitation) codes and ordinances. If space is offered in a building to be constructed
for lease to the Government, the bullding must be in compliance with the most recant edition of the building code, fire code, and ordinances adopted
by the jurisdiction in which the building is focated.
Offered space shall meet or be upgraded to meet the applicable egrass requirements in National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) 101, Life Safety
: Code or an alternative approach or method for achieving a level of safety deemed equivalent and acceptable by the Government. Offered space
located betow-grade, including parking garage areas, and all areas referred to as "hazardous areas” (defined in NFPA 101) within the entire building
{including non-Govemment areas), shall be protected by an automatic sprinkler system or an equivalent level of safety. Additional automatic fire
Sprinkler requirements will apply when offered space is located on or above the 6" floor. Unrestricted access to a minimum of two remote exits shall
be provided on each floor of Government occupancy. Scissor stairs shall be counted as only one approved exit. Open-air exterior fire escapes will
Not be counted as an approved exit. Additional fire alarm system requirements will apply when offered space is located 2 or more stories in height
above the lowest level of exit discharge.
The Building and the leased space shall be accessible to workers with disabilities in accordance with the Americans With Disabilities Act
Accessibility Guidelines (36 CFR Part 1191, App. A) and the Uniform Federal Accessibility Standards (Federal Register vol. 49, No. 153, August 7,
1984, reissued as FED. STD. 795, dated April 1, 1988, and amended by Federal Property Management Regulations CFR 41, Subpart 101-19.6,
Appendix A, 54 FR 12628, March 28, 1989). Where standards conflict, the more stringent shail apply.
The leased space shall be free of all asbestos containing materials, except undamaged asbestos flooring in the space or undamaged boiler or pipe
insulation outside the space, in which case an asbestos management program conforming to Environmental Protection Agency guidance shall be
implemented. The space shall be free of other hazardous materials according to applicable Federal, State, and focal environmental regulations.
Services, utilities, and maintenance will be provided dally, extending from 7 a.m. to 5 p.m. except Saturday, Sunday, and Federal holidays. The
Government shall have access to the leased space at all times, including the use of electrical services, toilets, lights, elevators, and Government
office machines without additional payment.
ee
2, SERVICES AND UTILITIES (To be provided by Lessor as part of rent)
HEAT TRASH REMOVAL ( evevator service INITIAL & REPLACEMENT omer
ELECTRICITY CHILLED DRINKING WATER —[X} WINDOW WASHING LAMPS, TUBES & BALLASTS (Specity betow)
POWER (Special Equip.) AIR CONDITIONING Frequency biannually () PaintincrRequency
QR) warer (ot & Co's) QJ Toner sureues &] carrer cueaNinc Space every 3 yrs
SNOW REMOVAL &® JANITORIAL SERV. & SUPP. Frequency every 2 yrs Public Areas every 5 yrs
eee LTO OE Eee ee EEE eee
3. OTHER REQUIREMENTS .
See page 3 of this form for other requirements as well as the Supplemental Lease Requirements
NOTE: All offers are subject to the terms and conditions outlined above, and elsewhere in this solicitation, including the Government's
General Clauses, Representations and Certifications, and Supplemental Lease Requirements.
_enesrewauses, Representations anaweruncations, anes
4. BASIS OF AWARD
® THE ACCEPTABLE OFFER WITH THE LOWEST PRICE PER SQUARE FOOT, ACCORDING TO THE ANSWBOMA 265. 1-1995 DEFINITION FOR BOMA USABLE OFFICE AREA,
WHICH:MEANS “THE AREA WHERE A TENANT NORMALLY HOUSES PERSONNEL AND/OR FURNITURE, FOR WHICH A MEASUREMENT IS TO BE COMPUTED.”
(1) OFFER MOST ADVANTAGEOUS TO TRE GOVERNMENT, WITH THE FOLLOWING EVALUATION FACTORS BEING
(SIGNIFICANTLY MORE IMPORTANT THAN PRICE
C APPROXIMATELY EQUAL TO PRICE
O SIGNIFICANTLY LESS IMPORTANT THAN PRICE '
D ttisted in descending order, unless stated othenwse):
a
} _3 2008 } GSA ForM 3626 (REV. 5/2005)
GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION § E P wed by APD 2800.12


oS
vo 1 :
f
EEE
‘ PART Il - OFFER (To be completed by Offeror/Owner)
EE eee ee Oe EE
: A. LOCATION AND DESCRIPTION OF PREMISES OFFERED FOR LEASE BY GOVERNMENT
5. NAME AND ADDRESS OF BUILDING (inctude ZIP Code) . 8. LOCATION(S) IN: ‘BUILDING
i a. FLOOR(S) b. ROOMNUMBER(S) 12, 143
Harvey P. Gassaway Building 1 123,124, Re, 127, 1eo,
Ki
322 Knapp Boulevard tei, 162, 1@3 HANGS
Nashville, TN 37217
iy ¢. RENTABLESQ.FT. | d. TYPE
4,355 QJ Generar oFFice (1 otter sspeciy
(7]_wareHouse
t B. TERM
ee
To have and to hold, for the term commencing on September 1, 2007 and continuing through August 31, 2017 inclusive. No rental shall accrue after
the effective date of lease expiration. The Government may terminate this tease at any time on or after September 1, 2012, by giving at least 60
days notice in writing to the Lessor. Said notice shall be computed commencing with the day after the date of mailing.
SRDS ne
C. RENTAL
A
Rent shall be payable in arrears and will be due on the first workday of each month. When the date for commencement of the tease falls after the
15th day of the month, the initial rental payment shail be due on the first workday of the second month following the commencement date. Rent fora
period of less than a'month shall be prorated.
7. AMOUNT OF ANNUAL RENT 9. | MAKE CHI AYABLE TO (Name.and address) .
Mesropeldoin Noshatile Aopen’ Avihoe iy
8, RATE PER 5 Ore “erm. nal Cove 4 we SOl
. . ! -
10a. NAME AND ADDRESS OF OWNER {include ZIP code, If requested by the Goverment and the owner is a partnership or joint venture, list ei! General Partners, using 2 seperate shest, if
nocessen:) Metropol. ton Noshwille Kepaet Autor
Ore Fermrod Oye , mite SO1
Nesnviliz, FY 37214
10. TELEPHONE NUMBER OF OWNER 11, TYPE OF INTEREST IN PROPERTY OF PERSON SIGNING
ol >) 71000 (]_owNeR KK] AUTHORIZEO AGENT [7] OTHER (Specity)
1% 0 NAME OF OWNER OR. HORIZED AGENT 13. TITLE OF PERSON SIGNING
Kor Reaaladn Dadian : £
14. SIGNATURE OF OWMER ORL OR 15. DATE 16. OFFER REMAINS OPEN UNTIL AWARD .
CQUZ J Pr4fo7
SS
PART II! - AWARD (To be completed by Government)
eee ee
Your offer is hereby accepted. This award consummates the lease which consists of the following documents: (a) this GSA Form 3626- 3 pages,
{b) Representations and Certifications- 4 pages, (c) the Government's General Clauses- 21 pages, (d) Supplemental Lease Requirements- 8 pages,
and a Floor Plan identifying leased space (to be submitted by Offeror with Initial offer).
ae
THIS DOCUMENT IS NOT BINDING ON THE GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA UNLESS SIGNED BELOW BY
AUTHORIZED CONTRACTING OFFICER. :
17a, NAME OF CONTRACTING OFFICER (Type or Print) 17>. SIGNATURE OF CONTRACTING OFFICER 176. OATE
Felicia R. Walker _- ; Bf: 1S 105
4alicw Calor 37a
. ”
GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION GSA For 3626 (REV. 5/2005)
Page 20f3 Prescribed by APD 2600.12A


rr
.
GSA Form 3626, page 3 of 3
Part |, Page 1, Section B., Item 3. OTHER REQUIREMENTS is hereby continued as follows:

1) RESTORATION WAIVER: The Lessor hereby waives and forever relinquishes any right to make a claim against
the Government for waste, damages or restoration arising from or related to any alteration or removal of any
alteration by the Government during the term of this lease or any extensions. Alterations may be completed by
either the Government and/or the Lessor including initial buildout of the leased space and/or any subsequent
modifications required during the lease period. At the Government's sole discretion, property remaining in leased
space after termination of the lease contract will become the property of the Lessor.

2.) RADON IN AIR: If space planned for occupancy by the Government is on the second floor above grade or lower,
the Lessor shall, prior to occupancy, test the leased space for 2 days to 3 days using charcoal canisters or electret
ion chambers to ensure that radon in air levels are below EPA's action concentration of 4 picoCuries per liter.
After the initial testing, a follow-up test for a-minimum of 90 days using alpha track detectors or electret ion
chambers shall be completed.

Part ll, Page 2, Section C., Items 7. AMOUNT OF ANNUAL RENT and 8. RATE PER MONTH is hereby continued
as follows:

1.) The total annual rent (before any annual Pl escalations to the base operating rent) is as follows:

TERM RATE PRSF* ANNUAL RENT MONTHLY RENT
09/01/2007 thru 08/31/2017 $12.56 $5u CAI SY5S2.25
“the rate per rentable square foot (PRSF) is determined by dividing the annual rent by the rentable square footage set forth in

PART Ul, Section A, Block 6c of this form.

2.) The base cost of services for annual operating cost escalation purposes is established at SAL A5aAoper annum
($44; 3 2prsf).

3.) The shell rental rate (total rent minus operating) is as follows:

TERM SHELL RENTAL RATE PRSF ANNUAL SHELL RENT
09/01/2007 thru 08/31/2017 $ZEQ $33 4U46.40
“the shell rate per rentable square foot (PRSF) Is determined by dividing the annual shell rent by the rentable square footage set forth in
PART Il, Section A, Block 6c of this form.
4.) {n accordance with paragraph 13 of the Supplemental Lease Requirements, the rate for vacant premises is
established as $ 5h prsf.
5.) The common area factor (CAF) is established as 1.14968 (3,788 sf of ANSI/BOMA Office Area / 4,355 rsf}
17.46% 4355
6.) The percentage of occupancy by the Government is 40.28% _, based on Government occupancy of 222+
rentable square feet within total building area of -24-703_ rentable square feet.
ZH, 4

7.) The following items are to be provided at the Lessors expense as conditions of the new rental

agreement within 60 calendar days of lease award:
* All carpet within the leased space is to be replaced in accordance with the carpet specifications
described in paragraph 22 or 23 of the Supplemental Lease Requirements.
© All surfaces within the leased space which are designated by GSA for painting shall be newly finished
, in colors acceptable to GSA.
© Prior to painting, all surfaces shall be free of damage — ail existing damage shall be repaired,
plastered and sanded smooth.
«All damaged or stained ceiling tiles shall be replaced and all tites shall match.
© Dead bolt fock shail be installed on entry door to room 160. ;
© Plumbing problems consistently affecting men’s restroom in common area and break room sink in
Suite 124 shall be corrected.
| GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION CIM,
Page 3 of 3 Prescribed by APD 2800.12A
vo a


SUPPLEMENTAL LEASE REQUIREMENTS :
1. RENTABLE SPACE (JUN 1994)
Rentable space is the area for which a tenant is charged rent. It is determined by the building
owner and may vary by city or by building within the same city. The rentable space may
include a share of building support/common areas such as elevator lobbies, building
corridors, and floor service areas. Floor service areas typically include restrooms, janitor .
rooms, telephone closets, electrical closets, and mechanical rooms. The rentable space
generally does not include vertical building penetrations and their enclosing walls, such as
stairs, elevator shafts and vertical ducts.
2. ANSI/BOMA USABLE SQUARE FEET (JAN 1997) .

A. For the purposes of this solicitation, the Government recognizes the ANS!I/BOMA (Building
Owners and Managers Association) International standard (ANSI/BOMA Z65. 11-1996) :
definition for Office Area, which means “the area where a tenant normally houses .
personnel and/or furniture, for which a measurement is to be computed.”

B. ANSI/BOMA Usable Square Feet shall be computed by measuring the area enclosed
by the finished surface of the room side of corridors (corridors in place as well as those
required by local codes and ordinances to provide an acceptable level of safety
and/or to provide access to essential building elements) and other permanent walls, the
dominant portion (see Z65.1) of building exterior walls, and the center of tenant-separating
partitions. Where alcoves, recessed entrances, or similar deviation from the corridor are
present, ANSI/BOMA Usable Square Feet shall be computed as if the deviation were not
present. :

3. COMMON AREA FACTOR (JAN 1997)
If applicable, Offerors shall provide the Common Area Factor (conversion factor(s) .
determined by the building owner and applied by the owner to the ANSI/BOMA Usable
Square Feet to determine the rentable square feet for the offered space).
4. ALTERATION DURING LEASE TERM ($25,000 or less per project)
A. The unit prices which the offeror is required to list will be used, upon acceptance by GSA, .
during the first year of the lease to price alterations of 25,000 or less. These prices may
be indexed or renegotiated to apply to subsequent years of the lease upon mutual
agreement of the lessor and Government.
B. Where unit prices for alterations are not available, the lessor may be requested to provide
a price proposal for the alterations. Orders will be placed by issuance of a GSA Form 276,
. Supplemental Lease Agreement, a GSA Form 300, Order for Supplies or Services, or a
. tenant agency approved form. The clauses entitled "GSAR 552.232-71 Prompt Payment
j (April 1989)" and “GSAR 552.232-72 Invoice Requirements (Variation) (Apr 1989)” apply to
orders for alterations. All orders are subject to the terms and conditions of this lease.
C. Orders may be placed by the contracting officer, the GSA buildings manager or
tenant agency officials when specifically authorized to do so by the contracting officer. The
contracting officer will provide the lessor with a list of agency officials authorized to place
orders and will specify any limitations on the authority delegated to tenant agency officials.
The tenant agency officials are not authorized to deal with the lessor on any other matters.

D. Payments for alterations ordered by tenant agencies will be made directly by the agency
placing the order.

ZR. At
INITIALS: ef
LESSOR (GOVERNMENT


5. DOORS: EXTERIOR - accepted “as is”
Exterior doors shall be weather tight, equipped with automatic door closers and open outward.
All doors leading to leased space must be equipped with 5 pin tumbler locks and door checks. !
: All locks must be ‘master keyed. The Government shall be furnished at least two master keys ,
and two keys for each tock.
6. DOORS INTERIOR - accepted “as is”
Doors must have a minimum opening of 36 inches by 80 inches.
7. PARTITIONS

Partitions shall have low sound transmission, low flamespread, and low smoke development

properties. Demolition of existing improvements necessary to satisfy the Government's layout

shall be done at the lessor's expense. Slab to slab partitions are required to separate

Government leased area from other tenants/other areas of the building.

8. ELECTRICAL, TELEPHONE, AND DATA OUTLETS - accepted “as is”

A. Electrical outlets serving workstations shall be installed on the basis of four (4) outlets per
20 amp circuit. Convenience outlets serving aisles, conference rooms, or other common
area shall be installed on the basis of eight (8) outlets per 20 amp circuit.

B. The Government reserves the right to install its own telecommunication (voice and data)
service in the space to be leased. The Government may contract at its discretion with
another party to have inside wiring and telephone and data equipment installed, or wiring
services provided by the lessor, if these are available. In any case, the lessor shall provide
the necessary infrastructure for installation of telecommunications wiring, including the
vertical risers (if appropriate), wire closets, and/or related distribution panels, as well as a
means of horizontal cable distribution such as described in subparagraph c, below.

C. The Lessor shall provide a means of distribution (conduit, ducts, raised access floor, cable
trays, etc.)from telephone equipment rooms to the workstation area as required in order to
allow all wiring to be safety concealed.

9. TAX ADJUSTMENT

A. Real estate taxes, as referred to in this clause, are only those taxes which are assessed
against the building and/or the land upon which the building is located, without regard to
benefit to the property, for the purpose of funding general government services. Real estate
taxes shall not include, without limitation, general and/or special assessments, business
improvement district assessments, or any other present or future taxes or governmental
charges that are imposed upon Lessor or assessed against the Building and/or the land
upon which the building is located.

B. Base year taxes as referred to in this clause are the real estate taxes for the first twelve (12)
month period coincident with full assessment, or may be an amount negotiated by the
parties that reflects an agreed upon base for a fully assessed value of the property.

C. The term “full assessment” as referred to in-this clause means that the taxing jurisdiction
has considered all contemplated improvements to the assessed property in the valuation of
the same. Partial assessments for newly constructed projects or for projects under
construction, conversion, or renovation will not be used for establishing the Government's
base year for taxes. ,

won Bh iS
LESSOR RNMENT


D. The Lessor shall furnish the Contracting Officer with copies of all notices'which may affect
the valuation of said land and buildings for real estate taxes thereon, as well as all notices of
a tax credit, all tax bills and all paid tax receipts, or where tax receipts are not given, other
similar evidence of payment acceptable to the Contracting Officer (hereinafter, evidence of
payment), and a proper invoice (as described in the Prompt Payment clause of this lease,
GSAR 552.232-71) of the tax
adjustment including the calculation thereof, for each year that real estate taxes are incurred
during the lease term or any extension thereof. All such documents are due within ten (10)
calendar days of receipt except that the proper invoice and evidence of payment shail be
submitted within sixty (60) calendar days after the date the tax payment is due from the
Lessor to the taxing authority. Failure to submit the proper invoice and evidence of
payment within such time frame shall be a waiver of the right to receive payment
resulting from an increased tax adjustment under this clause.

E. The Government shall make a single annual lump sum payment to the Lessor for its share of
any increase in real estate taxes during the lease term over the amount established as the
base year taxes, or receive a rental credit or lump sum payment for its share of any
decreases in real estate taxes during the lease term below the amount established as the
base year taxes. The amount of lump sum payment or rental credit shall be based upon .
evidence of valuation and payment submitted by the Lessor to the Contracting Officer in
accordance with paragraph (d). ,

(i) Inthe event of an increase in taxes over the base year, the Lessor shall submit a proper

invoice of the tax adjustment including the calculation thereof together with evidence of
payment to the Contracting Officer. The Government shall be responsible for
payment of any tax increase overt the base year taxes only if the proper invoice
and evidence of payment is submitted by the Lessor within sixty (60) calendar
days after the date the tax payment Is due from the Lessor to the taxing authority.
The due date for making payment shall be the thirtieth (30) calendar day after receipt
of evidence of payment by the Contracting Officer or the thirtieth (30") calendar day
after the anniversary date of the lease, whichever is later. If the lease terminates before
the end of a tax year, payment for the tax increase due as a result of this section for the
tax year will be prorated based on the number of days the Government occupied the
space. No increase will be paid, due, or owing unless all evidence of valuation and
payment have been previously submitted to the Contracting Officer. The Government's
payment for its share of real estate taxes shall not include any late charges, interest, or
penalties imposed by the taxing authority as a result of the Lessor’s delinquency in
paying such taxes or charges.

(ii) In the event of a decrease in taxes from the base year, or in the event of any refund or
tax deduction, the Lessor shail notify the Contracting Officer in accordance with
paragraph (4) of this clause. The Government shall be entitled to and shall receive a
credit for the prorata reduction in taxes applicable to the Premises encumbered by this
lease, regardless of whether the Government has made a tax payment for that year.
The Government's share of the credit will be determined in accordance with paragraph
(f) of this clause and shall be taken as a deduction from the rent. Any credit due the :
Government after the expiration or eartier termination of the Lease (including but not
limited to credits resulting from a decrease in taxes pursuant to a tax credit due the
Lessor; a reduction in the tax assessment; or a tax appeal proceeding for a year of the
Lease, or portion thereof) shall be made by a lump sum payment to the Government or
as a rental credit to any succeeding lease as determined by the Contracting Officer.
The Lessor shall remit any lump sum payment to the Government within fifteen (15)
calendar days of payment by the taxing authority to the Lessor or the Lessor’s
designee. If the cradit due to the Government is not paid by the due date, interest shail
accrue on the late payment at the rate established by the Secretary of the Treasury
under Section 12 of the Contract disputes A\ 1978 (41 U.S.C. 611) that is in effect

INITIALS: ef
LESSOR IRNMENT


on the day after the due date. The interest penalty shall accrue daily on the amount of
the credit and be compounded in thirty (30) day increments inclusive from the first day !
after the due date through the payment date. The Government shall have the right to

pursue the outstanding balance of any tax credit using all such collection methods as

are available to the United States to collect debts. Such collection rights shall survive

the expiration of this lease.

F. The Government shall pay its share of tax increases or receive its share of any tax
decrease based on the ratio of the rentable square feet occupied by the Government to
the total rentable square feet in the building or complex (percentage of occupancy. This
percentage shall be subject to adjustment to take into account additions or reductions of ,
the amount of space as may be contemplated in this lease or amendments hereto.

G. The Government may direct the Lessor upon reasonable notice to initiate a tax appeal or
the Government may decide to contest the tax assessment on behalf of the Government.
and the Lessor or for the Government alone. The Lessor shall furnish to the Government
information necessary for appeal of the tax assessment in accordance with the filing
requirements of the taxing authority. If the Government decides to contest the tax
assessment on its own behalf or on behaif of the Government and the Lessor, the
Lessor shall cooperate and use all reasonable efforts including but not limited to
affirming the accuracy of the documents, executing documents required for any legal
proceeding and taking such other actions as may be required. If the Lessor initiates an

. appeal on behalf of the Government, the Government and the Lessor will enter into an
; agreement to establish a method for sharing expenses and tax savings.
: 10. PERCENTAGE OF OCCUPANCY

The percent of the building occupied by the Government, for purposes of tax adjustments,

will be established during negotiations.

11. OPERATING COSTS (SEP 2000) ,

A. Beginning with the second year of the lease and each year thereafter, the Government
shall pay adjusted rent for changes in costs for cleaning services, supplies, materials,
maintenance, trash removal, landscaping, water, sewer charges, heating, electricity,
and certain administrative expenses attributable to occupancy. Applicable costs listed
on GSA Form 1217, Lessor’s Annual Cost Statement, when negotiated and agreed
upon, will be used to determine the base rate for operating costs adjustment.

B. The amount of adjustment will be determined by multiplying the base tate by the
percent of change in the Cost of Living Index. The percent change will be computed by
comparing the index figure published in the month of the lease commencement date
with the index figure published in the month which begins each successive 12-month
period. For example, a tease which commences in June of 1995 would use the index
published in June of 1995, and that figure would be compared with the index published
in June of 1996, June of 1997, and so on, to determine the percent change. The Cost
of Living Index will be measured by the Department of Labor revised Consumer Price
Index for wage earners and clerical workers, U.S. city average, all items figure, (1982 to
1984 = 100) published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Payment will be made with
the monthly installment of fixed rent. Rental adjustments will be effective on the
anniversary date of the lease.

C. If the Government exercises an option to extend the lease term at the same rate as that
of the original term, the option price will be based on the adjustment during the original
term. Annual adjustments will continue.

INITIALS: Ce &
LESSOR \ GOVERNMENT


D. In the event of any decreases in the Cost of Living Index occurring during the term of
the occupancy under the lease, the rental amount will be reduced accordingly. The
amount of such reductions will be determined in the same manner as increases in rent
provided under this paragraph. :

E. The offer shall clearly state whether the rental is firm throughout the term of the lease or
if it is subject to annual adjustment of operating costs as indicated above. If operating
costs will be subject to adjustment, those costs shall be specified on GSA Form 1364,
Proposal to Lease Space, contained elsewhere in this SFO.

F. The base for the operating costs adjustment will be established during negotiations
based upon ANSI/BOMA Office Area square feet.

12, APPURTENANT AREAS

The right to use appurtenant areas and facilities is included. The Government reserves the

right to post Government rules and regulations where the Government leases space.

13. ADJUSTMENT FOR VACANT PREMISES GSAR 552.270-25 (JUN 1994)(VARIATION)

A. If the Government fails to occupy any portion of the leased premises or vacates the
premises in whole or in part prior to expiration of the term of the lease, the rental rate
will be reduced.

B. The rate will be reduced by that portion of the costs per ANSI/BOMA Usable square foot
of operating expenses not required to maintain the space. Said reduction must occur
after the Government gives 30 calendar days prior notice to the Lessor, and must
continue in effect until the Government occupies the premises or the lease expires or is
terminated.

14, BUILDING SHELL DEFINITION

The building shell includes the following items for the base building and tenant areas:
Base Building
The base structure and building enclosure components (windows, with exterior finishes)
are complete. ‘
Base building electrical and mechanical systems (central fire alarm, chiller plant, cooling
towers, etc.) are complete and functional.
All common areas, such as lobbies, fire egress corridors and stairwells, garages, and
service areas, are complete. (Circulation corridors are provided as part of base building
. only on multi-tenanted floors where the corridor is common to more than one tenant. On
single tenant floors, only the fire egress corridor necessary to meet code is provided as
part of shell.)
Restrooms are complete and operational.
Building cores on each floor with leaseable space contain the following:
© a tappable domestic water riser, a service sanitary drain, and sanitary vent, all ready
for extension to tenant demised area(s); .
= lactrical power distribution panels and circuit breakers available in an electrical
closet, with capacity at 277/480 volt and 120/208 volt 3 phase, 4 wiring providing 7
watts per BOMA office usable (9 watts per rentable) square foot;
OR GOVERNMENT


* adesignated connection point to the central fire alarm system, for extension to tenant
demised area(s);
*  adistribution backboard within a wire closet for connection to tenant's telephone
lines.
15. TENANT AREAS - (not applicable as no tenant improvements required)
A broom clean concrete floor slab, with level floor not varying more than 1/4° over ten
: (10) foot horizontal run in accordance with American Concrete Institute (ACI) Standards,
is provided.
i : Gypsum wall board, spackled and prime painted, on exterior perimeter walls, and interior
i core walls are provided.
| Common corridor stud walls, without gypsum board on demised tenant premises’ side,
| and without suite entry door are provided.
A fully installed 2 x 2 foot suspended acoustical ceiling, with 2 x 2 parabolic fluorescent
(or other building standard such as 2'-0" x 4'-0") fixtures installed in the ceiling grid for an
open office plan at the rate of 1 fixture per 80 BOMA office usable (100 rentable) square
feet, is provided.
Sprinkler mains and distribution piping in a “protection” layout (open plan) with heads :
turned down, concealed with an escutcheon or trim plate installed, are provided.
Central heating, ventilation and air conditioning systems are installed and operational,
including, as appropriate, main and branch lines, VAV boxes, dampers, flex ducts and
diffusers, for an open office layout. Conditioned air through medium pressure ductwork
at a rate of .75 cfm/ square foot of BOMA office usable area is provided.
15. OCCUPANCY PERMIT (OCT 1996)
The Lessor shall provide a valid Occupancy Permit for the intended use of the
Government and shall maintain and operate the building in conformance with current
local codes and ordinances. If the local jurisdiction does not issue occupancy permits.
Offerors should consult the contracting officer to determine if other documentation may
: be needed.
16. OSHA REQUIREMENTS (OCT 1996)
The Lessor shall maintain building and space in a safe and healthful condition according
to the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) Standards.
17. JANITORIAL SERVICES (JAN 1997) ,
The Lessor shall maintain the leased premises, including outside areas in aclean
condition and shall provide supplies and equipment. The following schedule describes
the level of services intended. Performance will be based on the Contracting Officer's
evaluation of results, not the frequency or method of performance.
DAILY:
Empty trash receptacles and clean ashtrays. Sweep entrances, lobbies and corridors.
Spot sweep floors and spot vacuum carpets. Clean drinking fountains. Sweep and damp
mop or scrub toilet rooms. Clean all toilet fixtures and replenish toilet supplies. Dispose of
all trash and garbage generated in or about the building. Wash inside and out or steam
INITIALS: Masa &
LESSOR VERNMENT


clean cans used for collection of food remnants from snack bars and vending machines.
Dust horizontal surfaces that are readily available and visibly require dusting. Spray buff
rasilient floors in main corridors, entrances and lobbies, clean elevators and escalators,
remove carpet stains. Police sidewalks, parking areas and driveways. Sweep loading
dock areas and platforms. .
THREE TIMES AWEEK:

Sweep or vacuum stairs. :
WEEKLY:

Damp mop and spray buff all resilient floors in toilets and health units. Sweep sidewalks,
parking areas and driveways (weather permitting).

EVERY TWO WEEKS:

Spray buff resilient floors in secondary corridors, entrance and lobbies. Damp map and
spray buff hard and resilient floors in office space.

MONTHLY:

Thoroughly dust furniture. Completely sweep and/or vacuum carpets. Sweep storage
space. Spot clean all wall surfaces within 70 inches of the floor.

EVERY TWO MONTHS: ; ,
Damp wipe toilet wastepaper receptacles, stall partitions, doors, window sills and frames.
Shampoo entrance and elevator carpets.

THREE TIMES A YEAR:

Dust wall surfaces.within 70 inches of the floor, vertical surfaces and under surfaces.
Clean metal and marble surfaces in lobbies. Wet mop or scrub garages. .

WICE A YEAR:

Wash all interior and exterior windows and other glass surfaces. Strip and apply four
coats of finish to resilient floors in toilets. Strip and refinish main corridors and other
heavy traffic areas.

ANNUALLY:
Wash all venetian blinds and dust 6 months from washing. Vacuum or dust all surfaces in
the building of 70 inches from the floor, including light fixtures. Vacuum alt drapes in
place. Strip and refinish floors in offices and secondary lobbies and corridors. Shampoo
carpets in corridors and lobbies. Clean balconies, ledges, courts, areaways and flat roofs.
EVERY TWO YEARS:

Shampoo carpets in all offices and other non-public areas.

EVERY FIVE YEARS:

Dry clean or wash (as appropriate) all drapes. .

| AS REQUIRED:
Properly maintain plants and lawns, remove snow and ice from entrances, exterior walks
and Parking lots of the building. Provide initial supply, installation and replacement of light
bulbs, tubes, ballasts and starters. Replace worn floor coverings (this includes moving
and return of furniture). Control pests as appropriate, using Integrated Pest Management
. techniques.
INITIALS: Ck &
LESSOR RNMENT


18, SCHEDULE OF PERIODIC SERVICES ,

Within 60 days after occupancy by the Government, the Lessor shail provide the

Contracting Officer with a detailed written schedule of all periodic services and |

maintenance to be performed other than daily, weekly or monthly. i

19. MAINTENANCE AND TESTING OF SYSTEMS (OCT 1996) :

A. The Lessor is responsible for the total maintenance and repair of the leased premises.

Such maintenance and repairs include site and private access roads. All equipment
and systems shall be maintained to provide reliable, energy efficient service without
unusual interruption, disturbing noises, exposure to fire or safety hazards,
uncomfortable drafts, excessive air velocities, or unusual emissions of dirt. The
Lessor's maintenance responsibility includes initial supply and replacement of all
supplies, materials, and equipment necessary for such maintenance. Maintenance,
testing, and inspection of appropriate equipment and systems must be done in

i accordance with applicable codes, and inspection certificates must be displayed as

| appropriate. Copies of all records in this regard shall be forwarded to the Field Office
Manager or a designated representative.

B. Without any additional charge, the Government reserves the right to require
documentation of proper operations or testing prior to occupancy of such systems as
fire alarm, sprinkler, emergency generator, etc. to ensure proper operation. These
tests shall be witnessed by a representative of the Contracting Officer.

20. SECURITY :

The Lessor shall provide a level of security which reasonably deters unauthorized entry

to the space leased during non-duty hours and deters loitering or disruptive acts in and

around the space leased during duty hours.
21. LANDSCAPE MAINTENANCE
Performance will be based on the Contracting Officer's evaluation of results and not the
frequency or the method of performance. Landscape maintenance is to be performed
during the growing season on a weekly cycle and will consist of watering, mowing, and
policing area to keep it free of debris. Pruning and fertilization are to be done on an as
needed basis. tn addition, dead or dying plants are to be replaced.
22. Please refer to item 7.) on GSA Form 3626 page 3 of 3 for specific punch list items
(discrepancies to be corrected) to be completed within 60 days of lease award.
INITIALS: Le &
LESSOR GOVERNMENT


|
|
|
REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (Short Form) Lease Number Dated
(Simplified Acquisition of Leasehold Interests in Real Property
for Leases Up to $100,G00 Annual Rent LIN 18116 Q|z0|z007
Complete appropriate boxes, sign the form, and attach to offer.
The Offeror makes the following Representations and Certifications. NOTE: The "Offeror," as used on .
this form, is the owner of the property offered, not an individual or agent representing the owner.
14. SMALL BUSINESS REPRESENTATION (JAN 2007)
(a) (1) the North American industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is

(2) The small business size standard is $19.0 Million in annual average gross revenue of the
concem for the last 3 fiscal years. .

(3) The small business size standard for a concem which submits an offer in its own name,
other than on a construction or service contract, but which proposes to furnish a product
which it did not itself manufacture, is 500 employees.

(b) — Representations. Par por+ Gove Eahty

(1) The Offeror represents as part of its offer that it [ J is, iX) is not a small business
concem.

(2) [Complete only if the Offeror represented itself as a small business concem in paragraph
(b)(1) of this provision.} The Offeror represents, for general statistical purposes, that it
[Jis. [is not, a small disadvantaged business concem as defined in
13 CFR 124.1002.

(3). [Complete only if the Offeror Sepresented itself as a small business concem in paragraph
(b)(1) of this provision.) The Offeror represents as part of its offer that it [ Jis, [ Jis nota
women-owned small business concern.

(4) (Complete only if the Offeror represented itself as a small business concem in paragraph
(b)(1) of this provision.} The Offeror represents as part of its offer that it[ Jis, [ Jis nota
veteran-owned small business concem.

(5) [Complete only if the Offeror represented itself as_a veteran-owned small business
concem in paragraph (b)(4) of this provision.] The Offeror represents as part of its offer
that it[ ] is, [ ] is not a service-disabled veteran-owned small business concem.

(6) [Complete only if the Offeror represented itself as a small business concem in paragraph

i (b)(1) of this provision.] The Offeror represents, as part of its offer, that—

(i) It{ ]is, [ J is not a HUBZone small business concem listed, on the date of this
representation, on the List of Qualified HUBZone Small Business Concems
maintained by the Small Business Administration, and no material change in
ownership and control, principal office, or HUBZone employee percentage has
occurred since it was certified by the Small Business Administration in accordance
with 13 CFR part 126; and

(ii) it { ] is, [ ] is not a joint venture that complies with the requirements of 13 CFR
part 126, and the representation in paragraph (b)(6)(i) of this provision is accurate
for the HUBZone small business concem or concems that are participating in the
joint venture. [The Offeror shall enter the name or names of the HUBZone small
business concem or concems that are participating in the joint

. venture: ________—_.] Each HUBZone small business concern participating in
the joint venture shall submit a separate signed copy of the HUBZone
representation.

Qurt LW
INITIALS: : &—"N
LESSOR ERNMENT GSA FORM 3518A PAGE 1 (REV 1/07)


1
| 2. 52.222-22 - PREVIOUS CONTRACTS AND COMPLIANCE REPORTS (FEB 1999)
| (Applicable to leases over $10,000.) : :
The Offeror represents that—
(a) It V4] has, [ ] has not participated in a previous contract or subcontract subject either to the
! Equal Opportunity clause of this solicitation;
i (b) It has, [ ] has not filed all required compliance reports; and
(c) Representations indicating submission of required compliance reports, signed by proposed
subcontractors, will be obtained before subcontract awards. (Approved by MB under
Control! Number 1215-0072.)
3. 52.222-25 - AFFIRMATIVE ACTION COMPLIANCE (APR 1984)
(Aeplicable to leases over $10,000 and which include the clause at FAR 52.222-26, Equal
portunity.)
: The Offeror represents that—
(a) It QM hes developed and has on file, [ ] has not developed and does not have on file, at each
establishment affirmative action programs required by the rules and regulations of the .
Secretary of Labor (41 CFR 60-1 and 60-2), or

(b) It [ ] has not previously had contracts subject to the written affirmative action programs
requirement of the rules and regulations of the Secretary of Labor. (Approved by OMB under
Control Number 1215-0072.)

4. 52.203-11 ~ CERTIFICATION AND DISCLOSURE REGARDING PAYMENTS TO INFLUENCE
CERTAIN FEDERAL TRANSACTIONS (SEP 2005)

(Applicable to leases over $100,000.)

(a) The definitions and prohibitions contained in the clause, at FAR 52.203-12, Limitation on
Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions, included in this solicitation, are hereby
incorporated by reference in paragraph (b) of this certification.

(b) The Offeror, by signing its offer, hereby certifies to the best of his or her knowledge and
belief that on or after December 23, 1989, —

(1) No Federal appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid to any person for
influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any agency, a Member of
Congress, an officer or employee of Congress, or an employee of a Member of
Congress on his or her behalf in connection with the awarding of a contract;
(2) if any funds other than Federal appropriated funds (including profit or fee received under
: a covered Federal transaction) have been paid, or will be paid, to any person for
influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any agency, a Member of
Congress, an officer or employee of Congress, or an employee of a Member of
Congress on his or her behalf in connection with this solicitation, the Offeror shall
complete and submit, with its offer, OMB standard form LLL, Disclosure of Lobbying
Activities, to the Contracting Officer; and
(3) He or she will include the language of this certification in all subcontract awards at any
tier and require that all recipients of subcontract awards in excess of $100,000 shall
. certify and disclose accordingly.

(c) Submission of this certification and disclosure is a prerequisite for making or entering into
this contract imposed by section 1352, title 31, United States Code. Any person who makes
an expenditure prohibited under this provision or who fails to file or amend the disclosure
form to be filed or amended by this provision, shail be subject to a civil penalty of not less
than $10,000, and not more than $100,000, for each such failure.

INITIALS: Cre
LESSOR GOVERNMENT GSA FORM 3518A PAGE 2 (REV 1/07)


5. 52.204-3 - TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION (OCT 1998)
(a) Definitions. .
“Common parent,” as used in this provision, means that corporate entity that owns or
controls an affiliated group of corporations that files its Federal income tax returns ona
consolidated basis, and of which the Offeror is a member.
“Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN),” as used in this provision, means the number
required by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to be used by the Offeror in reporting income
tax and other returns. The TIN may be either a Social Security Number or an Employer
Identification Number.
(b) All Offerors must submit the information required in paragraphs (d) through (f) of this
provision to comply with debt collection requirements of 31 U.S.C. 7701(c) and 3325(d),
reporting requirements of 26 U.S.C. 6041, 6041A, and 6050M, and implementing regulations
issued by the IRS. If the resulting contract is subject to the payment reporting requirements
described in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 4.904, the failure or refusal by the Offeror
to fumnish the information may result in a 31 percent reduction of payments otherwise due
under the contract.
(c) The TIN may be used by the Government to collect and report on any delinquent amounts
arising out of the Offeror’s relationship with the Government (31 U.S.C. 7701(c)(3)). If the
resulting contract is subject to the payment reporting requirements described in FAR 4.904, .
: the TIN provided hereunder may be matched with IRS records to verify the accuracy of the
Offeror's TIN.
: (d) | Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN).
a Th: 620819271
: TIN has been applied for.
. {] TIN is not required because:
{] Offeror is a nonresident alien, foreign corporation, or foreign partnership that does not
: have income effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the
: United States and does not have an office or place of business or a fiscal paying agent
j in the United States;
i [] Offeror is an agency or instrumentality of a foreign government;
: {] Offeror is an agency or instrumentality of the Federal government,
(e) Type of organization. :
: { ] Sole proprietorship; Government entity (Federal, State, or local);
{ ] Partnership; ] Foreign government,
{ ] Corporate entity (not tax-exempt), [J International organization per 26 CFR 1.6049-4;
[ }] Corporate entity (tax-exempt); { ] Other —_ —_——__
(f) Common Parent.
Xl Offeror is not owned or controlled by a common parent as defined in paragraph (a) of
: this provision.
: [.] Name and TIN of common parent:
: Name
TIN
, 6. 52.204-6 - Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) Number (OCT 2003)
: (a) The Offeror shall enter, in the block with its name and address on the cover page of its offer,
: the annotation "DUNS" or "DUNS+4" followed by the DUNS number or “DUNS+4" that
identifies the Offeror's name and address exactly as stated in the offer. The DUNS number is
a nine-digit number assigned by Dun and Bradstreet, Inc. The DUNS+4 is the DUNS number
plus a 4-character suffix that may be assigned at the discretion of the Offeror to establish
: additional CCR records for ‘dentiving alternative Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) accounts
: (see Subpart 32.11) for the same parent concern.
; INITIALS: Qu (4 § A\ M
: LESSOR ERNMENT GSA FORM 3518A PAGE 3 (REV 1/07)
SSS ee


7
a) ry
(b) if the Offeror does not have a DUNS number, it should contact Dun and Bradstreet directly to
obtain one. :
(1) An Offeror may obtain a DUNS number—
(i) If located within the United States, by calling Dun and Bradstreet at 1-866-705-
5711 or via the Internet at htto:/Avww.dnb.com, or
(ii) If located outside the United States, by contacting the local Dun and Bradstreet
office.
(2) The Offeror should be prepared to provide the following information:
(i) | Company legal business name. .
(i) Tradestyle, doing business, or other name by which your entity is commonly
recognized. -
(iii) | Company physical street address, city, state and zip code. .
(iv) Company mailing address, city, state and zip code (if separate from physical).
(v) Company telephone number.
(vi Date the company was started.
(vii) Number of employees at your location.
(vill) | Chief executive officer/key manager.
(ix) Line of business (industry. , . an
(x) pl al Headquarters name and address (reporting relationship within your
entity).
7. DUNS NUMBER (JUN 2004)
Notwithstanding the above instructions, in addition to inserting the DUNS Number on the offer cover
page, the Offeror shall also provide its DUNS Number as part of this submission:
DUNS # 052144 313
8. CENTRAL CONTRACTOR REGISTRATION (JAN 2007)
The Central Contractor Registration (CCR) System is a centrally located, searchable database
which assists in the development, maintenance, and provision of sources for future procurements.
The Offeror must be registered in the CCR prior to lease award. The Offeror shall register via the
Internet at http:/Awww.ccr.gov. To remain active, the Offeror/Lessor is required to update or renew
its registration annually.
4 Registration Active and Copy Attached
[] Will Activate Registration and Submit Copy to the Government Prior to Award
OFFEROR OR NAME, ADDRESS (INCLUDING ZIP CODE) TELEPHONE NUMBER
AUTHORIZED oe Nosy , , ; .
REPRESENTATIVE Metropo Kifain nuille Aspons Asnordy GS) 275710®
: One fer mined Ori ne 7) Sate 501
Noehuille ,7N %Z2l4
Rout L. Regoladoy.
C VLE he ?
. Signature —__—_
Date
i
INITIALS: ez & AYA
LESSOR (GOVERNMENT GSA FORM 3518A PAGE 4 (REV 1/07)


soon a >
a
GENERAL CLAUSES -
(Simplified Leases)
(Acquisition of Leasehold Interests in Real Property for Leases Up to $100,000 Net Annual Rent)
4. The Government reserves the right, at any time after the lease is signed and during the term of the
lease, to inspect the leased premises and all other areas of the building to which access is
necessary to ensure a safe and healthy work environment for the Government tenants and the
. Lessor's performance under this lease.
i 2. if the building is partially or totally destroyed or damaged by fire or other casualty so that the leased
i space is untenantable as determined by the Government, the Government may terminate the lease
! upon 15 calendar days written notice to the Lessor and no further rental will be due. .
: . 3. The Lessor shall maintain the demised premises, including the building, building systems, and all
} equipment, fixtures, and appurtenances furnished by the Lessor under this lease, in good repair
and tenantable condition. Upon request of the Contracting Officer, the Lessor shall provide written
! documentation that building systems have been maintained, tested, and are operational. .
4. In the event the Lessor fails to perform any service, to provide any item, or meet any requirement of
this lease, the Government may perform the service, provide the item, or meet the requirement,
either directly or through a contract. The Government may deduct any costs incurred for the service
or item, including administrative costs, from rental payments.
5. 52.252-2 CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (VARIATION) (DEC 2003)
This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if
they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make the full text available, or
the full text may be found as GSA Form 3517C at http:/Avww.gsa.govileasinaform.
6. The following clauses are incorporated by reference:
GSAR 552-203-5 COVENANT AGAINST CONTINGENT FEES (FEB 1990)
(Applicable to. leases over $100,000.)
GSAR 552-203-70 PRICE ADJUSTMENT FOR ILLEGAL OR IMPROPER ACTIVITY (SEP 1999)
(Applicable to leases over $100,000.)
FAR 52.204-7 CENTRAL CONTRACTOR REGISTRATION (OCT 2003) (VARIATION)
FAR 52.209-6 PROTECTING THE GOVERNMENT’S INTEREST WHEN
SUBCONTRACTING WITH CONTRACTORS DEBARRED, SUSPENDED,
OR PROPOSED FOR DEBARMENT (JAN 2005)
(Applicable to leases over $25,000.)
FAR 52.219-9 SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (JUL 2005)
(Applicable to leases over $500,000.) :
FAR 52.219-16 LIQUIDATED DAMAGES—SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (JAN 1999) :
(Applicable to leases over $500,000.) i
GSAR 552.219-72 PREPARATION, SUBMISSION, AND NEGOTIATION OF i
SUBCONTRACTING PLANS (JUN 2005) |
(Applicable to leases over $500,000 if solicitation requires submission of the ;
subcontracting plan with initial offers.)
GSAR 552.219-73. GOALS FOR SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (JUN 2005)
(Applicable to leases over $500,000 if solicitation does not require
submission of the subcontracting pian with initial offers.)
INITIALS: CR
LESSOR GOWERNMENT GSA FORM 3517A PAGE 4 (REV 11/05)
ee


: ny
oo” roe
FAR 52.222-26 EQUAL OPPORTUNITY (APR 2002)
(Applicable to teases over $10,000.) ‘
FAR 52.222-21 PROHIBITION OF SEGREGATED FACILITIES (FEB 1999)
(Applicable to leases over $10,000.) .
FAR 52.222-35 EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR SPECIAL DISABLED VETERANS, VETERANS
: OF THE VIETNAM ERA, AND OTHER ELIGIBLE VETERANS (DEC 2001)
(Applicable to leases over $25,000.)
FAR 52.222-36 AFFIRMATIVE ACTION FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (JUN 1998)
(Applicable to leases over $10,000.)
FAR 52.222-37 . EMPLOYMENT REPORTS ON SPECIAL DISABLED VETERANS,
VETERANS OF THE VIETNAM ERA, AND OTHER ELIGIBLE VETERANS
(DEC 2001)
(Applicable to leases over $25,000.)
i FAR 52.232-23 ASSIGNMENT OF CLAIMS (SEP 1999) :
: (Applicable to leases over $2,500.)
GSAR 552.232-75 PROMPT PAYMENT (SEP 1999) . |
GSAR 552.232-76 ELECTRONIC FUNDS TRANSFER PAYMENT (MAR 2000) (VARIATION)
FAR 52.233-1 DISPUTES (JUL 2002)
FAR 52.215-10 PRICE REDUCTION FOR DEFECTIVE COST OR PRICING DATA (OCT 1997)
(applicable when cost or pricing data are required for work or services over
500,000.)
FAR 52.215-12 SUBCONTRACTOR COST OR PRICING DATA (ocT 1997)
(Applicable when the clause at FAR 52.215-10 is applicable.)
The information collection requirements contained in this solicitation/contract, that are not required by
regulation, have been approved by the Office of Management and Budget pursuant to the Paperwork
Reduction Act and assigned the OMB Control No. 3090-0163.
INITIALS: Ck. _& yas (
LESSOR GOVERNMENT GSA FORM 3517A PAGE 2 (REV 11/05)
