Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Prevent Child Abuse Tennessee Contract # 
^ 
September 14, 2018
GRANT CONTRACT
BETWEEN THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
AND PREVENT CHILD ABUSE TENNESSEE
This Grant Contract issued and entered into pursuant to RS2018-1330 by and between the Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County, a municipal corporation of the State of Tennessee
hereinafter referred to as "Metro", and Prevent Child Abuse Tennessee hereinafter referred to as the
"Recipient," is for the provision of, as further defined in the "SCOPE OF PROGRAM."
A. 
SCOPE OF PROGRAM:
A.I. 
SCOPE OF PROGRAM:
A.1. 
The Recipient will use the funds for the following:
A.2. 
The Recipient must spend these funds consistent with their proposed use in the recipient's
funding application, hereinafter referred to as the Grant Spending Plan, attached and
Incorporated herein as Attachment 1. The Recipient must collect data to evaluate the
effectiveness of their services and must provide those results to Metro upon request.
A.3. 
The Recipient will only utilize these funds for services the Recipient provides to documented
residents of Davidson County. Documentation of residency may be established with a recent
utility bill; voter's registration card; driver's license or other government issued-ID; current record
from a school showing address; affidavit by landlord; or affidavit by a nonprofit treatment, shelter,
half-way house, or homeless assistance entity located within Davidson County. Recipient agrees
that it will not use Metro funding for services to non-Davidson County residents.
A.4. 
Additionally, the Recipient must collect data on the primary county of residence of the clients it
serves and provide that data to Metro upon request.
B. 
GRANT CONTRACT TERM:
B.1. 
Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant shall be for a period of twelve (12) months,
commencing on August 8, 2018 and ending on June 30, 2019. Metro shall have no obligation
for services rendered by the Recipient which are not performed within this term.
C. 
PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
C.I. 
Maximum Liabilitv. In no event shall the maximum liability of Metro under this Grant Contract
exceed fifty thousand dollars ($50,000.00). The Grant Spending Plan, attached and incorporated
herein as part of Attachment 1, shall constitute the maximum amount to be provided to the
Recipient by Metro for all of the Recipient's obligations hereunder. The Grant Spending Plan line
items include, but are not limited to, all applicable taxes, fees, overhead, and all other direct
program costs incurred or to be incurred by the Recipient during the contract term.
This amount shall coristitute the Grant Amount and the entire compensation to be provided to the
Recipient by Metro.
C.2. 
Compensation Firm. The maximum liability of Metro is not subject to escalation for any reason.
The Grant Spending Plan amount is firm for the duration of the Grant Contract and is not subject
to escalation for any reason unless the grant contract Is amended.
C.3. 
Pavment Methodoloqv. The Recipient shall be compensated on a reimbursement basis for actual
direct program costs based upon the Grant Spending Plan, not to exceed the maximum liability
established in Section C.I.
1
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Prevent Child Abuse Tennessee Contract # 
August 30, 2018
All Invoices shall be sent to Andrew Sullivan at AndrewCSullivan@jis.nashville.org. Said payment
shall not exceed the maximum liability of this Grant Contract.
Documentation to serve as proof of delivered services of a kind and type as specified for the
Recipient by the Office of Family Safety personnel must accompany submission of invoices in
order to be eligible for payment. Generally, Invoices for reimbursement will be accepted on a
quarterly basis, but the Office of Family Safety personnel will consider written requests for
monthly reimbursement and advise Recipient if approved. Final invoices for the contract period
must be received by July 15, 2019. Any invoice not received by the deadiine date wiil not be
processed and all remaining grant funds wili expire.
C.4. 
Annual Expenditure Report. The Recipient must submit a final grant Annual Expenditure Report.
to be received by the Office of Family Safety, within 45 days of the end of the Grant Contract.
Said report shall be in form and substance acceptable to Metro and shall be prepared by a
Certified Public Accounting Firm or the Chief Financial Officer of the Recipient Organization.
C.5. 
Pavment of Invoice. The payment of any invoice by Metro shall not prejudice Metro's right to
object to the invoice or any matter in relation thereto. Such payment by Metro shali neither be
construed as acceptance of any part of the work or service provided nor as an approval of any of
the costs included therein.
C.6. 
Unallowable Costs. The Recipient's invoice shall be subject to reduction for amounts included in
any invoice or payment theretofore made which are determined by Metro, on the basis of audits
or monitoring conducted in accordance with the terms of this Grant Contract, to constitute
unallowabie costs. Utiiization of Metro funding for services to non-Davidson County residents is
unallowable.
C.7. 
Deductions. Metro reserves the right to adjust any amounts which are or shall become due and
payable to the Recipient by Metro under this or any Contract by deducting any amounts which are
or shall become due and payable to Metro by the Recipient under this or any Contract.
C.8. 
Travel Compensation. Payment to the Recipient for travel, meals, or lodging shall be subject to
amounts and limitations specified in Metro's Travel Regulations and subject to the Grant
Spending Plan.
C.9. 
Electronic Pavment. Metro requires as a condition of this contract that the Recipient shall
complete and sign Metro's form authorizing electronic payments to the Recipient. Recipients who
have not already submitted the form to Metro will have thirty (30) days to complete, sign, and
return the form. Thereafter, ail payments to the Recipient, under this or any other contract the
Recipient has with Metro, must be made electronically.
D. 
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
D.I. 
Required Approvals. Metro is not bound by this Grant Contract until it is approved by the
appropriate Metro representatives as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.
D.2. 
Modification and Amendment. This Grant Contract may be modified only by a written amendment
that has been approved in accordance with all Metro procedures and by appropriate legislation of
the Metropolitan Council.
D.3. 
Termination for Cause. Should the Recipient fail to properly perform its obligations under this
Grant Contract or if the Recipient violates any terms of this Grant Contract, Metro shall have the
right to immediately terminate the Grant Contract and the Recipient shall return to Metro any and
all grant monies for services or programs under the grant not performed as of the termination
date. The Recipient shall also return to Metro any and all funds expended for purposes contrary
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Prevent Child Abuse Tennessee Contract # 
L - *7^2) 
August 30, 2018
to the terms of the Grant. Such termination shaii not reiieve the Recipient of any iiability to Metro
for damages sustained by virtue of any breach by the Recipient.
D.4. 
Subcontracting. The Recipient shail not assign this Grant Contract or enter into a subcontract for
any of the services performed under this Grant Contract without obtaining the prior written
approvai of Metro. Notwithstanding any use of approved subcontractors, the Recipient shaii be
considered the prime Recipient and shaii be responsibie for all work performed.
D.5. 
Confiicts of interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount shaii be paid
directly or indirectly to an employee or official of Metro as wages, compensation, or gifts in
exchange for acting as an officer, agent, employee, subcontractor, or consultant to the Recipient
in connection with any work contemplated or performed relative to this Grant Contract.
D.6. 
Nondiscrimination. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person shail be
excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination
in the performance of this Grant Contract or in the employment practices of the Recipient on the
grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other classification
which is in violation of applicable laws. The Recipient shall, upon request, show proof of such
nondiscrimination and shall post in conspicuous places, available to all employees and
applicants, notices of nondiscrimination.
D.7. 
Records. The Recipient shaii maintain documentation for all charges to Metro under this Grant
Contract. The books, records, and documents of the Recipient, insofar as they relate to work
performed or money received under this Grant Contract, shall be maintained for a period of three
(3) full years from the date of the final payment or until the Recipient engages a licensed
independent public accountant to perform an audit of its activities. The books, records, and
documents of the Recipient insofar as they relate to work performed or money received under this
Grant Contract shaii be subject to audit at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by
Metro or its duly appointed representatives. Records shaii be maintained in accordance with the
standards outlined in the Metro Grants Manual. The financial statements shaii be prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
D.8. 
Monitoring. The Recipient's activities conducted and records maintained pursuant to this Grant
Contract shail be subject to monitoring and evaluation by the Office of Family Safety, the
Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability and/or Metro's duly appointed representatives.
The Recipient shaii make ail audit, accounting, or financial records, notes, and other documents
pertinent to this grant available for review by the Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability,
internal Audit or Metro's representatives, upon request, during normal working hours.
D.9. 
Reporting. The Recipient must submit an interim Program Report, to be received by the Office of
Family Safety by no later than February 22,2019, and a Final Program Report, to be received
by the Office of Family Safety within 45 [forty-five] days of the end of the Grant Contract. Said
reports shail detail the Recipient's progress on each of the core performance measures identified
in the grant solicitation and any program specific and/or outcome measure identified in the
Recipient's Grant Spending Plan as funded under this Grant Contract.
D.10. Strict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist in any one or more cases upon the strict
performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement shaii not
be construed as a waiver or reiinquishment of any such term, covenant, condition, or provision.
No term or condition of this Grant Contract shaii be held to be waived, modified, or deleted except
by a written amendment by the appropriate parties as indicated on the signature page of this
Grant.
D.11. Insurance. The Recipient agrees to carry adequate public iiability and other appropriate forms of
insurance, and to pay ail applicable taxes incident to this Grant Contract.
D.I2. Metro Liabiiitv. Metro shaii have no liability except as specifically provided in this Grant Contract.
3
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Prevent Child Abuse Tennessee Contract # 
August 30, 2018
D. 13. Independent Contractor. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to create a
partnership or joint venture between the Recipient and Metro or to create the relationship of
principal and agent between or among the Recipient and Metro. The Recipient shall not hold
itself out in a manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph. Metro shall not become liable for
any representation, act, or omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph.
D. 14. Indemnification and Hold Harmless.
(a) Recipient shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Metro, its officers, agents and
employees from any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees for injuries or damages
arising, in part or in whole, from the negligent or intentional acts or omissions of Recipient, its
officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or Independent contractors, in connection
with the performance of the contract, and any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney
fees arising from any failure of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub
or independent contractors, to observe applicable laws, including, but not limited to, labor laws
and minimum wage laws.
(b) Metro will not Indemnify, defend or hold harmless in any fashion the Recipient from any
claims, regardless of any language in any attachment or other document that the Recipient may
provide.
(c) Recipient shall pay Metro any expenses incurred as a result of Recipient's failure to fuifiii any
obligation in a professional and timely manner under this Contract.
(d) Grantee's duties under this section shall survive the termination or expiration of the grant.
D.I 5. Force Maieure. The obligations of the parties to this Grant Contract are subject to prevention by
causes beyond the parties' control that could not be avoided by the exercise of due care
including, but not limited to, acts of God, riots, wars, strikes, epidemics or any other similar cause.
D.16. State, Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with all applicable federal,
state and local laws and regulations in the performance of this Grant Contract.
D. 17. Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction and effect of this Grant Contract and any
and ail extensions and/or modifications thereof shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The venue for legal action concerning this
Grant Contract shall be in the courts of Davidson County, Tennessee.
D.I8. Completeness. This Grant Contract is complete and contains the entire understanding between
the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein, including all the terms and conditions
of the parties' agreement. This Grant Contract supersedes any and all prior understandings,
representations, negotiations, and agreements between the parties relating hereto, whether
written or oral.
D.I9. Headings. Section headings are for reference purposes only and shall not be construed as part
of this Grant Contract.
D.20. Metro Interest in Eguipment. The Recipient shall take legal title to all equipment and to all motor
vehicles, hereinafter referred to as "equipment," purchased totally or in part with funds provided
under this Grant Contract, subject to Metro's equitable interest therein, to the extent of its pro rata
share, based upon Metro's contribution to the purchase price. "Equipment" shall be defined as
an article of nonexpendable, tangible, personal property having a useful life of more than one
year and an acquisition cost which equals or exceeds $5,000.00.
The Recipient agrees to be responsible for the accountability, maintenance, management, and
inventory of ail property purchased totally or in part with funds provided under this Grant Contract.
Upon termination of the Grant Contract, where a further contractual relationship is not entered
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Prevent Child Abuse Tennessee Contract # 
August 30,2018
into, or at any time during the term of the Grant Contract, the Recipient shaii request written
approval from Metro for any proposed disposition of equipment purchased with Grant funds. Aii
equipment shall be disposed of in such a manner as parties may agree as appropriate and in
accordance with any applicable federal, state or local laws or regulations.
D. 21. Assignment—Consent Required. The provisions of this contract shall inure to the benefit of and
shall be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Except for
the rights of money due to Recipient under this contract, neither this contract nor any of the rights
and obligations of Recipient hereunder shaii be assigned or transferred in whole or in part without
the prior written consent of Metro. Any such assignment or transfer shaii not release Recipient
from its obligations hereunder. Notice of assignment of any rights to money due to Recipient
under this Contract must be sent to the attention of the Metro Department of Finance.
D.22. Gratuities and Kickbacks, it shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or
agree to give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to
solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a gratuity or an offer of
employment in connection with any decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation,
preparations of any part of a program requirement or a purchase request, influencing the content
of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice. Investigation, auditing or in any
other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim
or controversy in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or
controversy or other particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or
subcontract or to any solicitation or proposal therefore, it shaii be a breach of ethical standards
for any payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor
under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or a person associated
therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach of the provisions of
this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of ethical standards which may
result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or suspension from participation in
Metropolitan Government contracts.
D.23. Communications and Contacts. Ail instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other
communications from the Recipient required or contemplated by this Grant Contract shall be in
writing and shall be made by facsimile transmission, or by first class mail, addressed to the
respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or address as set forth below or to such
other party, facsimile number, or address as may be hereafter specified by written notice.
Metro
For contract-related matters inquiries regarding invoices:
Andrew Sullivan (615) 862-5072
Diane Lance (615)880-3173
Recipient:
Kristen Rector
President and CEO
Prevent Child Abuse Tennessee
4721 Trousdale Drive, Suite 121
Nashville, TN 37220
D.24. Lobbving. The Recipient certifies, to the best of its knowledge and belief, that:
a. 
No federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid, by or on behalf of the
Recipient, to any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Prevent Child Abuse Tennessee Contract # 
/ 
- 
August 30,2018
of any agency, a Member of Congress in connection with the awarding of any federal
contract, the making of any federai grant, the making of any federal loan, and entering
into of any cooperative agreement, and the extension, continuation, renewal,
amendment, or modification of any federal contract, grant, loan, or cooperative
agreement.
b. 
if any funds other than federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid to any
person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any agency, a
Member of Congress, an officer or employee of Congress, or an employee of a Member
of Congress in connection with this grant, loan, or cooperative agreement, the Recipient
shall complete and submit Standard Form-LLL, "Disclosure Form to Report Lobbying," in
accordance with its instructions.
c. 
The Recipient shall require that the language of this certification be included in the award
documents for ail sub-awards at ail tiers (including sub-grants, subcontracts, and
contracts under grants, loans, and cooperative agreements) and that all subcontractors of
federally appropriated funds shall certify and disclose accordingly.
Effective Date. This contract shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed first by the
Recipient and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government and has been
filed in the,office of the Metropolitan Clerk. When it has been so signed and filed, this contract shall
be effective as of the date first written above.
(THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANKS
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Prevent Child Abuse Tennessee Contract # 
I- - f
August 30, 2018
THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT 
RECIPIENT:
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON
COUNTY: 
By;
Title:
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF
MDS:
L€P
nm
Director of Finance
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND
LEGALITY
Sworn to aird/subscrlbed to, before me a I
this H 
d
Public
of
Metr®po!ltan Attorney
FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE CLERK:
STATE
Q:
OF
TENNESSEE
NOTARY
PUBLIC
Notary Public
Metropolitan Clerk
SEP 2 0 2018
My Commission
Isslon expires 
f 
^ D"
ARCHIVE


Community Partnership Flind; Domestic Violence Grant Opportunity Proposal Form
Project Name:
Public Awareness Campaign for Family Safety Center & At-Risk Populations
for Interpersonal Violence
Contact Name
Kristen Rector
Contact Organization
Prevent Child Abuse Tennessee
Contact e-mail; phone
kristen.rector@pcat.org: 615-383-0994
Funding Requested: .
$50,000
1. What IS the primary goal of your project (crisis shelter, transitional housing, civii-legal
advocacy/representation;pr awareness)? 
. 
. ' ".
The primary goal of this project is to create pubiic awareness around the opening of the Family Safety
Center and the risk factors for interpersonal violence.
The Family Safety Center will be the country's largest family justice center when it opens during the
2018-19 fiscal year. The center's opening truly has the potential to be a watershed moment for
Nashville, marking a new era where any resident or visitor to the city who experiences violence can seek
safety and support with or without the invoivement of iaw enforcement.
However, maximizing the use and benefit of the center wiil require broad pubiic awareness about its
availability and purpose. The center's mission to provide a compassionate and coordinated response to
interpersonal violence must be appropriately positioned and promoted in the public eye, and it must be
done in a way that is accessible and understandable to the city's many diverse communities. Making the
public aware of the Family Safety Center will innately and should purposefully double as a public
education campaign around interpersonal violence, including lethaiity risks.
There is no better time for such a public awareness campaign in our city. Juvenile violence in Nashville
has been on an alarming rise, leaving parents, schoois and community leaders desperate for answers
and solutions. And for the first time in American history, our country as a whole is having an open and
frank dialogue about sexual violence, power and control through the #MeToo and #TimesUp
movements.
Nashville needs to seize this moment. Since Metro Government compieted its first Domestic Violence
Safety Assessment five years ago, the city has been on a steady and deliberate path toward improving
safety for families and children. The opening of the Family Safety Center should serve as a crescendo to
this work by making sure all Nashvillians ~ and especially at-risk and marginalized populations ~ are
informed about the resources and services the center wiii provide.
Accomplishing this public awareness campaign wiil require a multi-phase communications and
marketing plan that will call on the collaboration of ali the agencies and nonprofits that wili have a
presence at the Family Safety Center.
jZ. List and describe the secondary gqals that you will set in order to obtain vout^primary goal.
Page 1 of 7
ARCHIVE


1. Define target audiences:
While the public awareness campaign will serve the public at-large, defining target audiences will
ensure that individuals most in need of services provided at the Family Safety Center, including
at-risk and under-served populations, will receive the information.
2. Understand the messages that will resonate:
It's not enough to simply communicate with the target audiences. The messaging used should be
honed to resonate with them and move them to action. Creating persuasive messaging requires
having an understanding of the emotional and social needs of the target audiences and
positioning the Family Safety Center as a solution to meet those needs.
3. Select effective outreach strateoies:
After the target audiences are defined and persuasive messages have been developed, those
communications will need to be deployed through channels that will reach them. In addition to
the financial resources provided through this grant, this campaign should leverage the networks
of partner organizations that will have a presence at the Family Safety Center to accomplish this
goal.
4. Develop name recognition for the Familv Safetv Center:
At the end of the campaign, our goal is for members of the general public and our target
audiences to recognize the name of the Family Safety Center and be able to associate it with the
services and resources it offers.
5. Reach underserved populations:
This goal is supported by all of the other secondary goals, but given its importance, this goal
deserves to be listed as a specific objective of this campaign.
3, List and describe specific activities that you wiii perform to accompiish each secondary goal. Assign a date
for achievement oiF each activity. 
, y 
. 
^
•
 Phase 1; Research
o Aligned with secondary goals 1 & 2
o Timeframe: July-August 2018
o Research activities will include:
I 
Online research of similar public awareness campaigns and the messaging used
I 
Audit of local information online for victims of interpersonal violence
I Focus group and/or interviews with key partner agencies and staff
I Focus group and/or interviews with victims and survivors of interpersonal violence
Phase 2: Development of Messaging & Outreach Strategies
o Aligned with secondary goals 2 & 3
o Timeframe: September-October 2018
o Activities will include:
I 
Creation of a messaging framework and campaign taglines
Page 2 of 7
ARCHIVE


I 
Graphic design services to create a cohesive brand for the campaign
materials/assets aligned with the messaging framework
I 
Solicitation of advertisement quotes and Public Service Announcement (PSA)
opportunities
I 
Cultivating a list of potential channels for grassroots outreach
I 
Writing the detailed campaign plan
•
 Phase 3; Implementation of the Campaign Plan
o Aligned with secondary goals 4 & 5
o
 Timeframe: November 2018-June 2019
o
 Paid media: This encompasses any paid promotion used during the campaign. The exact
strategies will be decided during phase 2 based on the defined target audiences. Paid
media activities may include;
I 
Outdoor billboards
I 
Graffiti ads (bathroom stalls)
I 
Radio ads
I 
Digital ads
I
 
Social media ads
o
 Earned media: This encompasses promotion through traditional media coverage. Earned
media activities may include:
I 
Writing and distributing press releases about the opening of the Family Safety
Center
I Pitching stories to reporters
I 
Arranging for expert interviews
I 
Creation and deployment of Public Service Announcements (PSAs)
o
 
Digital media: This encompasses any social media and website content developed for the
campaign. The digital strategy should capitalize on the #MeToo and #TimesUp
movements and include a series of social media messages that can be shared by the
center's partner organizations. Digital media activities may include creating, posting,
sharing and monitoring:
I 
Website content
I Blog posts
I 
Social media posts
I 
Other digital/creative assets (video, photos, online engagement tools)
o Grassroots outreach: This encompasses any communication that is done
person-to-person or organization-to-organization to disseminate the messages of the
campaign. Activities may include the distribution and use of:
I 
Talking points
I
 
Posters
I
 Fliers
I
 Brochures
I
 Palm cards
I 
A speaker's bureau or ambassadors (volunteers)
Page 3 of 7
ARCHIVE


4. List ind describe each outcome that will be acBieved as a result of this project and how each outcome will
be measured for progress and/or success. 
.
While the ultimate outcome we hope to achieve with this campaign is saving lives and reducing the
occurrences of interpersonal violence in Nashville, the outcomes and outputs of the specific campaign
activities will be measured in the following ways:
Outcomes:
•
 People utilize the Family Safety Center, which can be tracked through:
o
 Intake data
o
 
Digital conversion rates (people who view or click on a digital ad and then visit the center,
which could be tracked through location services and the use of other databases)
Outputs:
•
 Exposure to paid advertising / number of individuals reached with each paid ad
• Media coverage
o
 Number of news clips
o
 Number of interviews done
o
 Number of PSAs aired / published
•
 
Digital media views, clicks, likes, and shares
•
 Number of hard copy materials distributed
•
 Number of organizations/individuals engaged in the grassroots outreach
5 Explain how this project is achievable- how yourrorganization has the necessary khbwledge> experience,
resources and community partners (including Metro's Office of Family Safetyjfor this project; Include
description of similar project and or positions within your organization. 
: . 
■; :
Prevent Child Abuse Tennessee will engage Lacy Strategies LLC to execute this public awareness
campaign. Lacy Strategies is a Nashville-based public relations firm with proven expertise in strategic
communications, media and government relations. Janel Lacy is the principal and owner of Lacy
Strategies and will serve as the primary point of contact and service provider throughout the duration of
this project.
Janel spent a large portion of her career developing and executing communications strategies for former
Nashville Mayor Karl Dean, starting with his first campaign for mayor in 2007. During seven years in the
Mayor's Office, Janel helped spearhead the communications involved in the successful passage of
major development projects such as the Music City Center and Ascend Amphitheater. She led the
highly-lauded media and public information response to the devastating city-wide floods in May 2010,
and she managed major public initiatives like Mayor Dean's Walk 100 Miles campaign featured on the
HBO documentary series Weight of the Nation. Janel has direct experience and knowledge with
messaging and promoting efforts to improve the safety of domestic violence vicitms, having provided
communications support for the completion and release of the city's Domestic Violence Safety
Assessment In 2013.
After leaving the Mayor's Office in 2014, Janel spent nearly three years heading the communications
and family relations departments for Metro Nashville Public Schools. She oversaw a 21-person team
Page 4 of 7
ARCHIVE


and managed an annual budget over $2 million. During her tenure with MNPS, she created effective
community engagement processes for issues like school rezonings, carved out a dedicated internal
communications team to service the district's 10,000 employees, and designed and implemented a
family-focused service model for the district's call center.
Janel has unique expertise in media relations, having began her career as a journalist, covering growth
and development, banking, finance and residential real estate for the Nashville Business Journal.
As a communications consultant, Janel is currently preparing a public awareness campaign for the
Sexual Assault Center (SAG) that will launch with the opening of the SAFE Clinic this spring, which will
be Nashville's first dedicated clinic for sexual assault forensic exams (i.e., rape exams). Janel is
undertaking a similar effort with SAC as outlined in this proposal. And as one of the partner
organizations in the Family Justice Center, Janel's work with SAC would create an opportunity for
synergy between the two campaigns. The Office of Family Safety (OFS) is also a partner in the Sexual
Assault Working Group deployed by the Mayor's Office that is supporting the launch of the SAFE Clinic,
and therefore, Janel is already familiar with the OFS team members and plans for the Family Safety
Center.
As a veteran of Metro Government, Janel also brings to the table many contacts and relationships with
other key partners connected to the Family Justice Center. This will make the work easier and more
efficient because Janel knows where to go to get information and answers.
Prevent Child Abuse Tennessee is a non-profit that works with parents, professionals and communities
to provide education, resources and services that strengthen families. Our community-based programs
have been educating the public about the prevalence of child abuse and their role in child abuse
prevention for almost 35 years. As a partner agency in the Family Safety Center, this public awareness
campaign is perfectly aligned with our mission and we are well positioned to work with our partner
agencies to expand the reach of this campaign.
PCAT has worked in the arena of family violence for since our inception, primarily through community
based education regarding the impact of violence on women and children as well as through operation
of our statewide domestic violence hotline. This hotline, staffed by trained counselors, provides 24-hour
triage services to shelters across the state, and works with local law enforcement in the Lethality
Assessment Protocol. The line serves both victims of family violence as well as sexual assault. Over half
of the calls we receive originate from the Middle Tennessee area, and all of our counselors are
positioned in Nashville. Additionally, we provide statewide coordination of resources, enabling victims
coming into the Nashville area to receive services no matter where they are calling from. We have been
active participants with OFS in the design and strategy of the Family Safety Center through membership
on both the Standing Committee as well as the Communication and Outreach Committee. Our staff are
involved in the Sexual Assault Prevention Committee coordinated by TCASDV and funded by the
Department of Health.
It is our long term vision to place our middle Tennessee domestic violence hotline counselors in the
family safety center, allowing them to be dual trained as advocates in order to step in with victims who
enter the FSC in the event advocates are with other families. Additionally, PCAT has long provided
training to various departments and child serving entities on the effects of Adverse Childhood
Page 5 of 7
ARCHIVE


Experiences, specifically family violence, on the health and development of children and will be able to
provide this training to staff, parents, and community members at the FSC.
6. Describe your teamfs experience andmanagement plan for the proposal.
The public awareness campaign will be directed by Janel Lacy of Lacy Strategies LLC and supervised
by Prevent Chiid Abuse Tennessee. As a seasoned communications expert, Janel will provide the
strategy and campaign recommendations. The management team at Prevent Child Abuse Tennessee
will monitor and approve Janei's work, as well as the disbursement of all grant funds.
Janel will be responsible for securing any additional professional services required for the execution of
the project, such as graphic design, ad placement and printing.
PCAT has long term and varied experience managing similar projects in the community, having created
programming delivered to parents and community members on topics ranging from domestic and sexual
violence, childhood development, prevention of child maltreatment, and ACEs. We have a strong
partnership with agencies across the community through our membership to the Children's Justice Task
Force as well as the Shelter Director group managed by the Tennessee Coalition Against Sexual and
Domestic Violence. We have received funding from Office of Criminal Justice Programs (Victims of
Crime), Department of Children's Services, and the Department of Health throughout our history.
7. Describe how you will monitor the project including the operations and budget. Include the name and
position of the person5(5) with monitoring responsibility. 
; 
. I 
I'"
The grant execution will be supervised by Kristen Rector, President and CEO of Prevent Child Abuse
Tennessee and Katherine Snyder, COO of Prevent Child Abuse Tennessee. The management team at
Prevent Child Abuse Tennessee will hold a weekly check-in meeting (in person or via conference call)
with Janel during phases 1 and 2 of the project to monitor progress. Check-in meetings may occur
bi-weekly after the deployment of the campaign (during phase 3), as that work will take place at a more
gradual pace over a longer period of time.
8^ Describeyour proposal's timeline tdlcbrripletioh with key milestones of accomplishments 
'. ' I '
As described in the response to section 3, the public awareness campaign wili involve three distinct
phases of work. The public awareness campaign will be designed to launch in conjunction with the
opening of the Family Safety Center in the fail of 2018. Therefore, the timeline provided below is
approximate and may shift to better align with the actual opening date.
Phase 1 - Research will inform the campaign strategies and execution. This phase will take
approximately two months and be completed by the end of August.
Phase 2 - Development of Messaging & Outreach Strategies will involve the creation of the campaign
plan, messaging and brand design. This phase will take approximately two months and be completed by
the end of October.
Page 6 of 7
ARCHIVE


Phase 3 - Implementation of the Campaign Pian will comprise the bulk of the project work, including paid
media, earned media, digital media and grassroots outreach. This will phase will take place over eight
months and end with the completion of the fiscal year in June 2019.
9. Explain how this funding increases your organization's current efforts towards the primary goal. Note: ;
Funds should not be used to shift existing resources away from the primary goal. If existing funds are already
being invested in the primary goal, CPF funds should'be additive. 
. 
I
Prevent Child Abuse Tennessee works with parents, businesses, community leaders, and partners to
create strong communities where children can grow up feeling loved and supported. Advocacy and
education are one of our three primary work streams as an organization (we also provide supports for
parents and crisis support and counseling). Through training, advocacy, and education, we are
committed to helping every member of the community understand their role in protecting children. This
public awareness campaign will build on our existing work to educate the public and foster healthy
communities for families and children by promoting the Family Safety Center and the risks of
interpersonal violence.
10. Describe how the funds will be used. Include dollars requested, total cost, budget estimates by category
(capital, operations staff etc.). Describe any In-klhd contrlbutlons.(dollars or dther resources) Including :' 
.
partners, and recurring costs. 
I 
. 
I 
^
^ ,
• Communications consulting services (research activities, development of messaging and
outreach strategies and campaign implementation): $17,000
•
 Paid advertising; $13,500
• Creative services (graphic design, photography and video): $6,750
•
 Printed materials: $7,500
• Administrative fee for grant oversight/management: $5,000 (10%)
• Misc. supplies: $250
•
 In-kind solicitations will include Public Service Announcements and amplification of digital media
promotion by Family Safety Center partners.
Total budget: $50,000
Page 7 of 7
ARCHIVE


METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
COMMUNITY PARTNERSHIP FUND SPENDING PLAN REVISION
RECIPIENT
NAME:
Prevent Child Abuse Tennessee
REVISION
DATE:
March, 16, 2018
Please send to: Trinity Weathersby 700 2nd Avenue South, Suite 201 Nashville, TN 37210
Please send a copy to : Brian Kelsey One Public Square, Suite 100 Nashville, TN 37201
THE FOLLOWING IS APPLICABLE TO EXPENSES INCURRED DURING THE CURRENT CONTRACT GRANT PERIOD.
EXPENSE OBJECT LINE-ITEM
CATEGORY
ORIGINAL
METRO GRANT
FUNDS
REVISED
METROGRANT
FUNDS
ORIGINAL
RECIPIENT
MATCH
(participation)
REVISED
RECIPIENT
MATCH
ORIGINAL
TOTAL
PROJECT
REVISED
TOTAL
PROJECT
Salaries and Wages
(administrative fee for grant
oversiqtit/manaqementt
$5,000.00
$5,000.00
$5,000.00
Benefits and Taxes
[(PERCENT)]
1"'.!' f'
$0.00
$0.00
Professional Fees
(communications consuiting
services and creative services)
$23,750.00
$23,750.00
$0.00
Supplies
$250.00
I
 -
$250.00
$0.00
Communications (advertising and
promotion)
$13,500.00
$13,500.00
$0.00
Postage and Shipping
$0.00
$0.00
Occupancy
> ' ' . : 
I
$0.00
$0.00
Equipment Rental and
Maintenance
$0.00
$0.00
Printing and Publications
$7,500.00
$7,500.00
$0.00
Travel/ Conferences and
Meetings
$0.00
$0.00
Insurance
$0.00
$0.00
Specific Assistance to Individuals
$0.00
$0.00
Other Non-Personnel
$0.00
$0.00
GRAND TOTAL
$50,000.00
.$0.00
$0.00
$0.00;, 
:$5o,o.oo.oo
$5,000#
rev. 12/7/17
ARCHIVE
