bee Loe — g Otle
ae RECEIVED
TENANT JMPROVEMENT REIMBURSEMENT AGREEMENT
METROPOLITAN
CLERK _
THIS Reimbursement Agreement is made and, entered into as of
the Qe day of Maye , ised by and between the
’ Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority (the "author ity") and
Delta Air Lines, Inc. ("Delta"). ; ~ ;
WHEREAS, the Authority has issued Fixed/Floating Rate
Revenue Bonds in the amount of $128,500,000 (the "Bond Issue") the
proceeds of which (the "Bond Proceeds") are to be used to finance
the construction of new terminal facility and related improvements :
and paying all costs and expenses in connection therewith; and,
WHEREAS, the Authority and the signatory airlines ("Signa-
tory Airlines") of the Metropolitan Airport have developed and
approved a budget (the "Project Budget") for the items to be
financed with the Bond Proceeds which Project Budget provides for
the use of up to $34,000,000 (the "Tenant Improvement Fund") by
the tenants of the new terminal facility for the improvement and
finishing of their respective leasehold areas and, 4
, WHEREAS, Delta is a tenant of the new terminal facility and
desires to receive an allocation of up to $617,350.50 of the
Tenant Improvement Fund to fund certain costs incurred for
improvements and changes to Delta's leasehold areas, and the
Authority and Delta desire to set forth the terms and conditions
of such allocation;
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the
mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, the parties
agree as follows:
1. The Authority shall allocate, or cause to be allocated, a
maximum of $617,350.50 of the Tenant Tmprovenent Bond teeTAL.
Funds — for certain improvements constructed for seta ET
-l- : eee
ARCHIVE


etal te . .
within its leasehold areas in the new terminal and on the
: north concourse (the "Improvements"). The Authority will
pay Delta'e-eentreeters based upon invoices approved for
completion of the improvements, subject to Delta's prior
approval of all costs associated with improvements as
evidenced by approval of each contractor's invoice by a
designated representative of Delta. ition; ,
. agrees to reimburse the Authority for al sts incurred INITIBLe 5 —
from the design, constructio completion of improve ies
ments, subject elta's prior approval of all costs ~
2. Upon the presentation of approved contractor's invoices
for construction of improvements, the Authority shal peymurse
mene Ole easter the tprveiecd coun MADE cotton Nie
and completion of the improvements. L _
3. The Authority shall have no responsibility for the
quality of work performed or the amounts paid to the con-
tractors. Authority will authorize payments based only
upon Delta's approval of contractors invoice.
4. The total amount paid by the Authority for the improve-
ments pursuant to this Agreement shall be included as
. additional rent payments. These additional rental
payments will include sufficient amounts to cover all
cost associated with the Fixed/Floating Rate Revenue
Bonds as outlined in Paragraph 5 below. Amounts expended
by the Authority hereunder for the improvements shall not
result in an increase in the rental rates of other
tenants in the new terminal.
5. The Amortization of Tenant Bond Funds received by
Delta for all such constructed jmprovements to the lease
hold premises shall be straightline over fifteen (15) ,
. _5-
. ARCHIVE


years, beginning on September 1, 1987 and ending on
August 31, 2002.
In addition to the principal sum of $617,350.50 advanced
from the Tenant Improvement Fund, an amount equal to 3.9%
of the principal sum totaling $24,077 will be added to
establish the total amount of $641,427.50 upon which to
calculate the repayment schedule. The 3.9% surcharge
includes an allocaticn for the cost of issuance of the
bonds, net capitalized interest during the construction
period and the funding of required reserves established
in the Bond Trust Indenture.
Interest will be capitalized thru 11-3C-87 with payments
beginning 9-1-87. The payments received for the period
9-1-87 through 12-1-87 will be set aside to establish a
25% coverage reserve fund as required in the Bond Trust
Indenture. This reserve will eliminate the requirement
to pay 1258 of the established amortization schedule
Guring the first year. The 25% coverage reserve fund
like all other reserves required by the indenture is non-
refundable to the airport tenant.
The principal amount of $641,427.50 will be amortized at
the current effective bond interest rate including any
applicable remarketing fees of the floating/fixed rate
bond issue. If at any time, the floating rate on the
bonds changes during the term of this agreement, then the
annual rate shall be adjusted upward or downward :
accordingly.

6. This agreement is governed by and shall be construed pur-
suant to the laws of the State of Tennessee.

-3-

: ARCHIVE


a a?
a « . .
IN WITNESS WHFREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement
as of the date first above written.
ATTEST; “134, AUTHORITY: —-
v nen METRCPOLITAN NASHVILLE
, Oy o AIRPCRT AUTHORITY
ot a f. : :
Fe LEE ; we rem PP aa
Board Secrétary . William GY Moore, Jr.
ed President
APPRC ED AS TC FO@RM AND LEGALITY:
C 3,
if
egal Counsel ,4MNAA
Stokes & Bartholomew, P.A.
Third National Financial Center
424 Church Street, Suite 2800
Nashville, Tennessee 37219
DELTA AIR LINES, INC.: 7
ny 1. @ he EClite—X*
" TTA euishand
TITLE; Coty v.20 Fresiient
: Upsiduens
~4-
