2024.01.15 
{N0586221.1} 
 
 
Temporary Space Licensee Rental Agreement 
1 of 7 
 
 
TEMPORARY SPACE LICENSEE RENTAL AGREEMENT 
— reservation and use of temporary rental space — 
 
LICENSEE INFORMATION 
BUSINESS/ORGANIZATION NAME 
Cookie Beard 
LICENSEE NAME (or person authorized to represent licensee business/organization) 
Shawn Beard 
STREET ADDRESS 
8347 Nichols St. B 
E-MAIL 
Shawnbeard702@gmail.com 
CITY 
Fort Campbell 
STATE 
KY 
ZIP 
42223 
BUSINESS PHONE 
315-222-6652 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS  
LICENSEE AGREES AS FOLLOWS: 
SECTION 1.  TERM 
The Term of this temporary space licensee rental agreement (hereinafter, “Rental Agreement” or “License”) shall begin May 1, 2026, and end April 
30, 2027, PROVIDED THAT it shall be effective only upon Licensor (hereinafter, “NFM,” or “market”) approval of the associated Nashville Farmers’ 
Market application/license and receipt of all application/license documentation as required. 
SECTION 2.  PREMISES 
(a) 
Subject to these terms and conditions, Licensee shall have use of the Premises specified in the schedule below and as described herein. 
DATES 
RENTAL SPACE IDENTIFICATION NUMBER(S) 
May 1, 2026 – April 30, 2027 
Market House Floor Rental Space # 3 
(b) 
The Premises shall include only the appurtenances specifically granted herein with NFM specifically excepting and reserving for itself, the 
roof, the air space above the roof, the space below the floor slab, above any dropped ceilings, and two feet below the roof deck.  NFM 
reserves the right to install, maintain, use, repair and replace pipes, ductwork, conduits, utility lines, and wires in the Premises.  NFM further 
reserves the right to conduct pest control and extermination in the Premises at regular intervals and as needed.  Inasmuch, NFM authorized 
representatives, shall have the right to enter the Premises at all times.  NFM agrees that when possible all work in the Premises shall be 
performed in a manner which shall not unreasonably interfere with the normal business operations of Licensee. 
(c) 
NFM reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to relocate the Premises to another location such as might be deemed in the best interest of 
NFM operation or safety. 
SECTION 3.  USE 
(a) 
Licensee shall not occupy NFM space or sell (or offer for sale) any item or service before paying all required fees and rent in full, and in 
accordance with NFM payment policies.  Use of the Premises shall be limited to of selling products detailed in Licensee’s current, approved 
Facility Use Application or later approved by NFM management in writing.  Licenses agrees to use and occupy the Premises for stated 
purposes only, and for no other object or purpose whatsoever. 
(b) 
Licensee agrees to comply with all Nashville Farmers’ Market rules and policies, including but not limited to the Nashville Farmers’ Market 
Handbook, attached hereto as “Exhibit A”.  NFM reserves the right to amend or supplement its rules and policies.  NFM will notify Licensee of 
any updated rules or policies.  Licensee's failure to keep and observe any NFM rules or policies shall constitute a breach of this Rental 
Agreement .  Current copies of NFM regulations shall be available in the NFM business office during normal business hours. 
(c) 
Licensee use of the Premises shall include the right to ingress to and egress from the Premises and shall include a revocable license to use in 
common with the others entitled thereto, the Common Areas, as may be designated from time to time by NFM, subject however to these 
terms and conditions and to rules, guidelines, and facility-use policies as prescribed by NFM from time to time.  The term “Common Areas” 
shall mean all Nashville Farmers’ Market space and facilities furnished and designated by NFM for the general use, in common, by visitors and 
customers or renters, including Licensee, its officers, agents, employees.  Said space and facilities may include, but are not limited to, the 
parking areas, streets, passenger vehicle roadways, sidewalks, walkways, service areas, roadways, loading platforms, drainage and plumbing 
Docusign Envelope ID: FEC1B075-0B32-4F97-B9CD-73702232EA3C
A-50287
X
APPROVED
ARCHIVE


2024.01.15 
{N0586221.1} 
 
 
Temporary Space Licensee Rental Agreement 
2 of 7 
 
systems, roof, canopies, ramps, landscaped areas and other similar facilities available for common use which may from time to time exist.  
NFM reserves the right at any time to relocate buildings, sheds, parking areas, and other Common Areas, to change the number of buildings, 
building dimensions, the number of floors in any of the buildings, the Common Areas, the identity and type of other stores and tenancies, 
and to construct other buildings or improvements, provided only that the general location and size of the Premises and reasonable access 
thereto shall not be materially impaired.  NFM shall have no obligation to permit any of the Common Areas to be operated beyond normal, 
Nashville Farmers’ Market hours of operation determined at the sole discretion of NFM management.  All Common Areas, which Licensee 
may be permitted to use, shall be used under a revocable license, and if the amount of the Common Areas is diminished, NFM shall not be 
subject to any liability nor shall Licensee be entitled to any compensation or diminution or abatement of rent, nor shall such decrease of the 
Common Areas be deemed constructive or actual eviction. 
(d) 
NFM shall NOT at any time or in any way be responsible for mail addressed to Licensee.  Licensee may identify the Nashville Farmers’ Market 
address as the Physical Address of Licensee’s business as may be necessary.  However, Licensee must identify and use some other address 
(e.g., home address, business address, PO Box, or other rented mailing address) as Licensee’s Mailing Address.   Licensee shall NOT use the 
Nashville Farmers’ Market address as Licensee’s Mailing Address.     
(e) 
Public access to the Market House and the areas inside the iron fence south of the Market House, including the Premises, will be governed by 
Market policy, which shall be subject to revision at the sole discretion of Market management.  Licensee and Licensee’s employees, family, 
agents, volunteers, et cetera (collectively hereinafter, “charges”) may be given access to the Premises after hours (when doors or gates are 
locked and public access is not permitted), at NFM staff discretion, provided that arrangements shall be properly made in advance as 
required by facility-use policies. 
(f) 
Licensee shall only be open for business within the hours in which the NFM location of the Premises is open to the public.  Licensee refer to 
the Nashville Farmers’ Market Handbook, attached as Exhibit A, for more information concerning hours of operation. 
(1) 
NFM will be closed to the public on New Year’s Eve, New Year’s Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day.   
(2) 
NFM reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to close the Market House or the area inside the iron fence south of the Market House to 
the public on any day after 5:00 p.m., and up to eight weekends annually after 3:00 p.m., for special events held in or other use of 
unrented and common areas.  In such instances, if the Premises is located within the affected area (the Market House or the area inside 
the iron fence), whether Licensee must close operations or may remain open for business during such hours shall be at NFM’s sole 
determination. 
(3) 
Closure of the Licensee’s business pursuant to this this Section 3(f) shall NOT entitle Licensee to any abatement or decrease of rent or 
relieve Licensee from any of its obligations hereunder or impose any liability on NFM by reason of inconvenience or annoyance to 
Licensee or injury to or interruption of Licensee's business or otherwise.   
(g) 
NFM reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to close the Nashville Farmers’ Market property, or any portion thereof, to the public on federal 
or local holidays (in addition to New Year’s Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day) or on other publicly appointed days as such might be 
deemed in the best interest of Nashville Farmers’ Market operation, or, upon reasonable notice, to close any part or all of the property to the 
public on one or more days each week.  . 
(h) 
Licensee expressly assumes full responsibility for all persons connected with use of the Premises by Licensee and Licensee’s charges. 
(i) 
All Licensee equipment, merchandise, and other items of any type must be kept within Licensee’s rented space.  Any merchandise or other 
items placed outside Licensee’s rented space may result in such items being removed without notice at the cost of the Licensee, who will also 
be subject to additional charges.  
(j) 
Licensee shall leave rented space in neat and orderly condition at the end of each day. 
(k) 
Licensee shall keep all garbage and refuse in the kind of container specified by NFM and kept within the premises until it is taken directly to 
designated refuse collection area(s).  No refuse, rubbish, or pallets shall be stored in the Common Areas including the Market House loading 
dock.  All garbage taken to the refuse removal bin must be in securely tied garbage bags. 
(l) 
Electrical outlet use is permitted, PROVIDED THAT the user complies with all of the following related requirements: 
• 
Only one heavy duty, undamaged UL listed extension cord may be used per electrical outlet.   
• 
Power strips and surge protectors creating multiple powered receptacles are strictly prohibited.  
• 
Cords may NOT be placed in walkways.   
• 
Market management must approve in writing any item that will be powered by market electricity.   
(m) Licensee shall not display or permit to be displayed any sign, banner, or visual display of any type exterior to the Premises or affixed or 
otherwise attached to Nashville Farmers’ Market property or appurtenances without prior, written, NFM approval.   
(n) 
No permanent modification of or other physical attachment to the Premises shall be constructed, installed, connected, or otherwise 
fashioned without prior, written, NFM approval in each instance.  No radio, video, television, security device, aerial, satellite dish, or other 
electronic device of any type shall be installed in rented space or on NFM property without prior, written, NFM approval.  Any such 
construction, installation, et cetera without said written consent shall be subject to removal without notice at any time at the cost of the 
Licensee. 
Docusign Envelope ID: FEC1B075-0B32-4F97-B9CD-73702232EA3C
ARCHIVE


2024.01.15 
{N0586221.1} 
 
 
Temporary Space Licensee Rental Agreement 
3 of 7 
 
(o) 
No loudspeakers, televisions, phonographs, radios, or other video or audio devices shall be used in a manner such that it may be heard or 
seen outside of the Premises without prior, written, NFM approval. 
(p) 
Licensee shall not make noise, use an audio device, cause disturbances, or create odors, which could reasonably be found offensive by other 
Nashville Farmers’ Market Licensees or their officers, employees, agents, customers or invitees, and shall not commit or suffer to be 
committed any waste upon the Premises or any nuisance or other act, which may disturb the quiet enjoyment of the Nashville Farmers’ 
Market by any other Licensees or their officers, employees, agents, customers or invitees.  Burning incense is specifically prohibited at the 
market. 
(q) 
Smoking/Vaping is prohibited inside the Market House and anywhere inside the iron gates/fence south of the Market House.   
(r) 
Open flame is prohibited at the Nashville Farmers’ Market by order of the Fire Marshal. 
(s) 
Upon the expiration or termination of this agreement, Licensee shall surrender the Premises in a clean and sanitary condition, which is in the 
same condition as when Licensee took possession, excepting ordinary wear and tear.  Licensee shall be responsible for the cost of any cleaning 
or repair to NFM property as deemed necessary by NFM staff, and Licensee shall be responsible for all reasonable and necessary expense to 
repair or replace any NFM property or equipment, whether it be under its control or otherwise, due to defacement, destruction, damage or 
loss occurring while in use by Licensee.  Licensee shall remit any amount due and payable pursuant to this section no later than ten (10) days 
following written demand by NFM staff.  
SECTION 4.  LICENSES, PERMITS, TAXES, AND REGULATORY COMPLIANCE 
Notwithstanding the fact that it is not the role or within the purview of NFM to inspect or otherwise regulate Licensee’s business on behalf of other 
governmental entities having authority and responsibility to do so: 
(a) 
Licensee agrees to comply with all such metropolitan ordinances, health and building codes, and state and federal laws as may be applicable 
to Licensee’s business and use of the Premises. 
(b) 
Licensee shall be responsible for meeting all requirements and maintaining at its own expense all licenses, permits, certificates, and any other 
approvals or documentation, which may be required to properly and legally operate Licensee’s business at the NFM.  Licensee shall pay all 
taxes, fees, and charges required by any governmental authority in connection with Licensee use of the Premises. 
SECTION 5.  CONSIDERATION 
Licensee, in consideration of this Rental Agreement, agrees to: 
(a) 
make timely rent payments when due hereunder; 
(b) 
pay all reasonable costs, reasonable attorney fees and expenses that shall be made or incurred by NFM in enforcing the provisions of this 
Rental Agreement; 
(c) 
refrain from any use of the Premises for any illegal or harmful purpose or purpose deemed extra hazardous; 
(d) 
keep the Premises and NFM property, whether real or personal, whether it be under the control of NFM, or otherwise held, at or on the 
Premises in as good repair as the same shall was at the commencement of this Rental Agreement, wear and tear arising from the reasonable 
use of the same and damages by the elements excepted; 
(e) 
refrain from any construction, repair, or improvements on, in, of, or to the Premises without prior, written, NFM approval; 
grant NFM a lien on all property of Licensee used or situated in the Premises or on NFM property, including, but not limited to, inventory, 
improvements, and personal property, to secure indebtedness owing from Licensee to NFM at any time during the existence of this Rental 
Agreement, including payments that become due under this Rental Agreement or pursuant to Nashville Farmers’ Market regulations, and in 
the event of default of payment by Licensee, NFM may take possession of and sell such property as may be sufficient to pay any such 
indebtedness. 
SECTION 6.  PAYMENT TERMS 
(a) 
Payments— This Section 6 shall be deemed adequate notification of rent payment requirements.  NFM shall be under no obligation to 
invoice Licensee for rent payments.  Licensee shall remit rent payments to NFM as well as any and all additional sums to be paid by Licensee 
to NFM under this agreement, without demand, deduction or setoff and in accordance with NFM payment policies and the provisions of this 
section. 
(b) 
Rent—The Total Monthly Rent indicated below and payable hereunder reflects any and all applicable discounts to which Licensee is eligible.  
Said rent for the Premises described herein shall be due and payable monthly, in advance, on or before the first (1st) day of each calendar 
month beginning May 1. 
 
DATES 
NUMBER OF RENTAL SPACES 
TOTAL MONTHLY RENT 
May 1, 2026 – April 30, 2027 
Market House Floor Rental Space # 3 
$800.00/month 
Docusign Envelope ID: FEC1B075-0B32-4F97-B9CD-73702232EA3C
ARCHIVE


2024.01.15 
{N0586221.1} 
 
 
Temporary Space Licensee Rental Agreement 
4 of 7 
 
(c) 
Pro Rata Rent— For purposes of this agreement, "month" shall be defined as a calendar month.  The pro rata monthly rent for any partial 
month during the term of this agreement shall equal the product of 1/30th of the monthly rent amount in effect during the partial month 
and the number of days in the partial month for which rent is owed. 
(d) 
Additional Charges— All other charges, including but not limited to Licensee assessments provided hereunder, shall be due and payable by 
Licensee upon demand; and, NFM shall have the same remedies for failure to pay as for a non-payment of rent.   
(1) 
Property Damage— Licensee shall pay for any and all damage to NFM property or equipment or the property of any person resulting 
from the activities or use of the Premises or NFM property by Licensee or Licensee’s charges.   
(2) 
Late Payment— Licensee agrees that all sums due and owing to NFM for rent shall be paid in full as detailed herein and agrees that 
failure to render payment(s) in advance and as required shall be subject to the assessment, in accordance with applicable policies, of a 
Late Payment Fee, as and for liquidated damage.  Such amount shall be due immediately, along with the associated payment(s). 
(3) 
Improper Use of Common Areas— In the event that Licensee or its charges place any equipment, inventory, merchandise, or other 
Licensee owned item in any location exterior to Licensee’s rented space, NFM, at its option, may charge Licensee FIFTY DOLLARS 
($50.00) per day per item, as and for liquidated damage, until Licensee removes all such items. 
(4) 
Improper Handling of Refuse or Recyclable Material— Licensee and Licensee’s charges must comply with NFM requirements relating to 
handling of garbage and recyclable material.  In the event of non-compliance with any such requirement, NFM, at its option, may 
charge Licensee FIFTY DOLLARS ($50.00) per infraction, as and for liquidated damage. 
(5) 
Non-Compliance with Delivery or Loading Dock Requirements— The delivery of any items to and from the Premises shall be subject to 
all such facility-use policies as in the judgment of NFM are necessary for the proper operation of the Premises and the Nashville 
Farmers’ Market.  All loading and unloading of goods shall be done only at such times, in the areas, and through the entrances 
designated for such purposes by NFM.  In the event of non-compliance with any delivery or loading dock requirement, NFM, at its 
option, may charge Licensee FIFTY DOLLARS ($50.00) per infraction, as and for liquidated damage. 
(6) 
Attorney’s Fees— In the case of Licensee failure to perform and comply with any of the covenants and conditions of this Rental 
Agreement, Licensee agrees to pay to NFM the costs and expenses of enforcing this contract including a reasonable sum for attorney’s 
fees and related expenses, whether suit be brought or not. 
(7) 
Other Fees and Charges— In addition to the amounts detailed herein, NFM, at its option, may also impose on Licensee and Licensee 
shall be liable for any fees or charges detailed in and permitted by the Nashville Farmers’ Market rules and facility-use policies.   
Notwithstanding any fines, fees, or charges of any type for violations of requirements detailed or referenced herein, Licensee violation of 
Nashville Farmers’ Market rules and facility-use policies or of metropolitan ordinances, health and building codes, or state and federal laws, 
at NFM’s sole judgment, may subject Licensee to the loss of any or all privileges, and such violation may be deemed to constitute an event 
giving rise to a termination of this Rental Agreement. 
SECTION 7.  INSURANCE 
 
(a) 
Licensee shall be responsible for ensuring that any vehicle, which may be driven on NFM property by the Licensee or Licensee’s 
employees is fully insured as required by the State of Tennessee. 
(b) 
Prior to approval of this License and for the duration and any extension of this License, Licensee shall obtain and maintain in full 
force and effect at least the following types and amounts of insurance coverage from insurance carrier(s) having no less than an “A” rating 
according to the current A. M. Best rating and that are authorized to do business in Tennessee:  
(1) 
General Liability Insurance with a limit of not less than ONE MILLION DOLLARS ($1,000,000.00) for each occurrence 
shall be in full force and effect.  Said insurance shall include NFM, the State of Tennessee, and the officials, officers, 
employees and agents thereof as additional named insureds.  The coverage shall contain no special limitations on the 
scope of its protection afforded to the above-listed insureds.  The insurance shall be primary with respect to any 
insurance or self-insurance programs covering NFM, the State of Tennessee, and the officials, officers, employees and 
agents thereof. 
(2) 
Liability Insurance for vehicles owned, non-owned, and hired with a limit of not less than ONE MILLION DOLLARS 
($1,000,000.00) for each accident for Bodily Injury and Property Damage shall be in full force and effect.  Said 
insurance shall include coverage for loading and unloading hazards and shall contain or be endorsed to contain a 
provision that includes NFM, the State of Tennessee, and the officials, officers, employees and agents thereof as 
additional named insureds. 
(3) 
Workers’ Compensation Insurance and employers’ liability insurance with statutory limits as required by the State of 
Tennessee or other applicable laws shall be in full force and effect.  Further, Licensee shall require each of its 
subcontractors to provide Workers’ Compensation for all of the latter’s employees to be engaged in such work unless 
such employees are covered by the Licensee’s workers’ compensation insurance coverage. 
In lieu of said Workers’ Compensation Insurance and employers’ liability insurance, if Licensee currently has less than 
five (5) employees, a written statement documenting that fact shall be deemed acceptable.  However, should the 
number of Licensee employees increase to a total of five (5) or more, Licensee shall meet all requirements for 
Docusign Envelope ID: FEC1B075-0B32-4F97-B9CD-73702232EA3C
ARCHIVE


2024.01.15 
{N0586221.1} 
 
 
Temporary Space Licensee Rental Agreement 
5 of 7 
 
Workers’ Compensation Insurance and employers’ liability insurance as detailed in the preceding paragraph and shall 
provide NFM with associated documentation. 
(4) 
Liquor Liability Insurance shall be in full force and effect IF Licensee will serve alcoholic beverages. Said insurance policy 
shall name NFM, the State of Tennessee, and the officials, officers, employees and agents thereof as additional named 
insureds. 
(c) 
Licensee shall: 
(1) 
Before this License is approved and thereafter upon request, provide NFM with properly executed certificate(s) of 
insurance in a form acceptable to NFM (ACORD 25 Certificate of Liability Insurance) which shall: 
i. 
evidence all insurance required in this Section 7;  
ii. 
specify both of the following as additional named insureds and certificate holders: 
a. 
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County  
Metro Courthouse, Suite 108 
Nashville, Tennessee  37201 
b. 
State of Tennessee  
William R. Snodgrass Tennessee Tower 
312 Rosa L. Parks Blvd 
Nashville, Tennessee  37243.   
(2) 
Maintain the required insurance throughout the period of this License and any extension of this License, and replace 
certificates, policies, and endorsements for any such insurance expiring during the period of this License or any 
extension of this License. 
(d) 
If any insurance policies required hereunder cannot be obtained, maintained, and replaced as necessary, for any reason, NFM 
may require Licensee to cease any and all operation until coverage is obtained.  If such insurance covered is not obtained within a reasonable 
period of time, to be determined solely by NFM, NFM may terminate this License for default. 
 
SECTION 8.  WAIVER OF LIABILITY 
Any equipment, supplies, merchandise, products, or other property brought onto NFM property by Licensee or Licensee’s employees, agents, 
contractors, members, licensees, customers, or invitees shall be at the sole risk of Licensee.  NFM assumes no responsibility for any damage or loss 
of Licensee’s personal property.  Licensee agrees to hold NFM harmless from any damage or loss of Licensee’s personal property located on the 
Premises. 
SECTION 9.  INDEMNIFICATION AND HOLD HARMLESS 
Licensee shall indemnify and hold harmless NFM, Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, and the state of Tennessee against 
and from any and all liabilities, obligations, damages, claims, costs, charges, expenses and judgments (including, without limitation, reasonable fees and 
expenses of attorneys, expert witnesses, and other consultants) arising out of the activities of or the use of the Premises by Licensee or Licensee’s 
employees, agents, contractors, members, licensees, or invitees.  Licensee shall assume any and all responsibility and liability therefore, including but 
not limited to costs and expenses incurred by NFM and the state of Tennessee in defense of any action, including but not limited to attorneys’ fees. 
SECTION 10.  NON-DISCRIMINATION 
It is the policy of the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County not to discriminate on the basis of age, race, sex, color, national 
origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability in its hiring and employment practices, or in admission to, access to, or operation of its 
programs, services, and activities.  No person shall be excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, be discriminated against in the 
admission or access to, or be discriminated against in treatment or employment in the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson 
County’s contracted programs or activities, on the grounds of handicap and/or disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other 
classification protected by federal or Tennessee State Constitutional or statutory law; nor shall they be excluded from participation in, be denied 
benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination in the performance of contracts with Metropolitan Government or in the employment 
practices of the Metropolitan Government’s contractors. Licensee certifies and warrants that it will comply with this nondiscrimination 
requirement. 
SECTION 11.  TERMINATION 
(a) 
Termination for Default — The following shall constitute an event giving rise to a Termination for Default: 
• 
Any Licensee breach of material terms or conditions of this Rental Agreement; 
• 
Licensee failure to abide by any applicable laws, ordinances, rules and regulations of the United States, the State of Tennessee, or 
the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County; or 
• 
Licensee violation of Nashville Farmers’ Market rules or policies. 
Docusign Envelope ID: FEC1B075-0B32-4F97-B9CD-73702232EA3C
ARCHIVE


2024.01.15 
{N0586221.1} 
 
 
Temporary Space Licensee Rental Agreement 
6 of 7 
 
Upon an actual determination of default, NFM shall deliver written notice of such default to Licensee, and this agreement and any license do 
use space or do business at NFM shall terminate.  Further, NFM may rent of the Premises to another Licensee, for such fees and on such 
terms as NFM shall deem appropriate. 
(b) 
Termination for Convenience— NFM may terminate this agreement and any license do use space or do business at NFM for convenience upon 
written notice ten (10) days prior to termination.  In the event of a termination for convenience, the liability of the NFM shall be limited to 
credit for unearned rent paid hereunder. 
(c) 
Termination for Governmental Purpose— This agreement may be terminated should NFM or superior governmental authority decide 
termination is necessary for a governmental purpose. 
SECTION 12.  MISCELLANEOUS 
(a) 
The signatory below is the Licensee or personally warrants holding full authority to enter this agreement on behalf of Licensee.  Said 
Licensee, or Licensee’s authorized representative, acknowledges reading this agreement and having sought and received whatever 
competent advice and counsel necessary for a full and complete understanding of all rights and obligations hereunder. 
(b) 
Licensee shall NOT assign any rights hereunder. 
(c) 
All notices required or permitted herein shall be delivered in person, by United States Mail, or by private courier and as indicated below.  
Either party shall have the right, by giving written notice to the other, to change the address at which its notices are to be received. 
NFM: 
Nashville Farmers’ Market  
900 Rosa L. Parks Blvd.  
Nashville, Tennessee 37208 
LICENSEE: 
Cookie Beard 
8347 Nicholas St. B. 
Fort Campbell, KY 42223 
Shawnbeard702@gmail.com 
(d) 
Neither NFM nor Licensee shall be deemed in violation of this agreement if it is prevented from performing any of the obligations hereunder 
by reason of strikes, boycotts, labor disputes, embargoes, shortage of material, act of nature, acts of the public enemy, acts of superior 
governmental authority, weather conditions, riots, rebellion, sabotage, or any other circumstances for which it is not responsible or which is 
not within its control. 
(e) 
The laws of the state of Tennessee shall govern this temporary space licensee Rental Agreement, and any associated dispute shall be litigated 
in the courts of Davidson County, Tennessee. 
(f) 
Licensee acknowledges that NFM and all tenants at the market are victims of any crime occurring on NFM property.  Accordingly, Licensee 
agrees to report theft, vandalism, or any other crime involving any property brought onto NFM premises by Licensee or Licensee’s charges 
and to give formal statements to the Metropolitan Nashville Police Department.    Further, Licensee agrees to cooperate with NFM staff and 
the Metropolitan Nashville Police Department in the investigation and prosecution of any crime at the market. 
(g) 
Any failure of NFM to act in response to any breach of any of the provisions of this agreement shall not be considered as a waiver of its right 
to act on any subsequent violation or violations by Licensee, the right to terminate the license to conduct business at NFM because of a 
material breach being a continuing one.  No waiver by NFM of any default shall operate as a waiver of any other default, or the same default 
on a future occasion, and no single or partial exercise of a right or remedy shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof, or the exercise 
of any other right or remedy.   
(h) 
Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, Licensee is not the agent of NFM.  It is expressly acknowledged that NFM and Licensee are 
independent parties and NOT partners, joint venturers, associates employees, or agents for any purpose whatsoever. 
(i) 
The term and conditions herein constitute the totality of the agreement pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and supersede all prior 
agreements, understandings, negotiations and discussions, whether oral or written, of the parties, and there are no warranties, 
representations, or other agreements between the parties in connection with the subject matter hereof except as set forth specifically 
herein. 
 
SECTION 13. NASHVILLE FARMERS’ MARKET HANDBOOK 
(a) By signing this agreement, Licensee acknowledges reading the Nashville Farmers’ Market Handbook attached hereto as “Exhibit A” and 
expressly affirms that it will adhere to each of the policies and procedures set forth therein.  The Nashville Farmers’ Market  reserves the 
right to amend or supplement its rules and policies.  NFM will notify Licensee of any updated rules or policies.  Current copies of NFM 
policies, procedures, and handbooks shall be available in the NFM business office during normal business hours.  
 
 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: FEC1B075-0B32-4F97-B9CD-73702232EA3C
ARCHIVE


2024.01.15 
{N0586221.1} 
 
 
Temporary Space Licensee Rental Agreement 
7 of 7 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties agree to this License and do hereby warrant and represent that their respective signatory whose 
signature appears below has been and is on the date of signature duly authorized to execute this contract. 
LICENSOR: 
Metropolitan Government of  
Nashville and Davidson County  
Nashville Farmers’ Market 
 
 
 
 
__________________________________ 
Executive Director 
 
 
 
APPROVED AS TO FUNDS AVAILABILITY: 
 
 
__________________________________ 
Director of Finance 
 
 
 
APPROVED AS TO INSURANCE  
REQUIREMENTS: 
 
 
__________________________________ 
Director of Insurance 
 
 
 
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY: 
 
 
____________________________________ 
Assistant Metropolitan Attorney 
 
 
FILED WITH METROPOLITAN CLERK: 
 
 
___________________________________ 
Office of the Metropolitan Clerk 
LICENSEE: 
Cookie Beard 
8347 Nicholas St. B. 
Fort Campbell, KY 42223 
Shawnbeard702@gmail.com 
 
 
 
BY:  ___________________________________ 
 
Name:  _________________________________ 
 
Title:  __________________________________ 
 
Date Signed: _____________________________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: FEC1B075-0B32-4F97-B9CD-73702232EA3C
Shawn Beard
4/16/2026 | 2:56:08 PM PDT
Owner
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D5BF9346-0F27-4950-8557-8B768FE4CE0F
Docusign Envelope ID: FEC1B075-0B32-4F97-B9CD-73702232EA3C
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D5BF9346-0F27-4950-8557-8B768FE4CE0F
Docusign Envelope ID: FEC1B075-0B32-4F97-B9CD-73702232EA3C
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
1 
 
 
 
 
Nashville Farmers’ Market  
Market House Tenant Rules and Policies Handbook 
 
Updated February 23, 2026 
 
Farmers, makers, and small businesses are the cornerstone of the Nashville Farmers' Market (referred to as “the 
market” in the remainder of this document). Since its inception in the 1800s, the market has offered these small 
businesses the opportunity to vend more than 350 days a year.  
 
Nashville Farmers' Market tenant benefits: 
 
● 
A welcoming, diverse community of tenants and supporters 
● 
More than 1,500 surface parking spaces conveniently located within half a mile 
● 
Opportunity to be featured in seasonal events, workshops, advertising, etc. 
● 
Support from market staff to help promote business efforts. 
 
About the Nashville Farmers' Market: The market operates daily as a retail hub and small business incubation 
center for farmers, artisans, and small businesses that desire to serve the region. The market is located on a 9-
acre property in the urban core of Nashville, within walking distance of many local neighborhoods, including 
Germantown, Salemtown, the Gulch, and the downtown district. The public facility includes two outdoor sheds, a 
garden center, a shared commissary kitchen, a pop-up incubation kitchen and a food hall with roughly 30 diverse 
dining options and retail stores. 
 
Mission statement: Curating an inclusive destination marketplace that fosters a connection between the 
Nashville community and the farmers, foods, and artisans who contribute to our food system.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: FEC1B075-0B32-4F97-B9CD-73702232EA3C
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
2 
 
Table of contents 
 
Application and rates - page 2 
Staff and services - page 4 
Payment - page 6 
Market house vending requirements - page 7 
Premises rules - page 10 
Rules of conduct - page 12 
Agreement and penalties - page 14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: FEC1B075-0B32-4F97-B9CD-73702232EA3C
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
3 
 
Application and rates 
 
How to apply to become a Market House Tenant  
 
1. Read this handbook in full before applying. Submitting your application means you agree to comply with 
the rules and policies set forth in this handbook, in addition to all applicable rules. You may review the 
Nashville Farmers’ Market rules by clicking here.  
2. Apply by clicking here. 
3. Upload the required documents for your vendor type as listed in the application. 
4. Answer all questions for approval. 
5. Review your application (incomplete applications will not be considered). 
 
Market management may request additional information, a meeting, and/or product samples if considering your 
application for approval. After an internal review of applications, market staff will select a finalist to make a 
presentation to the Nashville Farmers’ Market Board during a public meeting. 
 
Please note: the application process at the Nashville Farmers’ Market is competitive. Acceptance of tenants 
will be at the discretion of market management and the Board. Applications will be approved as needed by the 
market’s management team based on criteria including, but not limited to: 
 
● 
Product offerings should diversify current offerings 
● 
Product assortment should appeal to residents of and visitors to Nashville 
● 
Restaurant menus should reflect farm-sourced food; healthy options preferred 
● 
Tenants must source and utilize green / sustainable materials and support ongoing recycling  
  
efforts of the market 
● 
 Businesses selling products they grow or make themselves are preferred. Market-readiness 
including marketing, branding and merchandising 
● 
A track record of a strong business plan and financials, marketing experience, positive conduct,  
  
adherence to policies, attendance records, if applicable, etc. 
 
Market management reserves the right to deny an application for any reason or no reason. 
 
Required documents 
 
Insurance: All tenants must carry general liability insurance, including product liability insurance, and property 
insurance, at a minimum of $1 million. Tenants must carry liability insurance for vehicles owned, non-owned, and 
hired with a minimum of $1 million and include coverage for loading and unloading hazards. Tenants shall 
maintain workers’ compensation insurance with statutory limits required by the State of Tennessee or other 
applicable laws and Employer’s Liability Insurance with limits of no less than one hundred thousand dollars 
($100,000) as required by the laws of Tennessee, except such insurance is not required for companies with fewer 
than five employees.  Liquor Liability Insurance shall be in full force and effect if Lessee will serve alcoholic 
beverages. Tenants’ certificate of insurance shall name both the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and 
Davidson County and the State of Tennessee as additional insureds.  All tenants shall maintain all other coverage 
as required by law. Copies of current certificates of insurance must be provided with the application. If insurance 
Docusign Envelope ID: FEC1B075-0B32-4F97-B9CD-73702232EA3C
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
4 
expires during the season, the tenant must provide a copy of the renewed insurance policy at the time of policy 
expiration. If any insurance policies required hereunder cannot be obtained, maintained, and replaced as 
necessary, for any reason, lessor may require lessee to cease any and all operation until coverage is obtained. 
 
Licenses / permits: Tenants must provide business licenses, sales tax certificates and other applicable 
documents, such as Health Department inspections and Department of Agriculture certificates, to the market at 
the time of application, as well as provide updated licenses, permits, and certificates to market management as 
they are renewed. All products sold at the market must comply with local, state, and federal health ordinances, 
and applying vendors must provide documentation of compliance when submitting an application. Applications 
are not considered complete without all applicable permits. 
 
Rates: Lease rates will be communicated and presented by market staff to applicants during the tenant 
interviewing process. 
 
Please email Darrell Lane, Executive Director, at darrell.lane@nashville.gov, with questions about the 
application process. 
 
Staff and tenant services 
 
Market management: The market’s management team is responsible for administering and enforcing all market 
rules, policies and procedures, as well as ensuring public safety, hosting market kitchen demonstrations and 
managing market events and festivals. Market management is instructed to handle and resolve any issues that 
may arise during a market day, and all market staff members have authority to resolve issues in a civil and 
efficient manner.  The current management team and staff are: 
 
Darrell Lane, Executive Director: darrell.lane@nashville.gov 
Charles Kizer, Building Maintenance Superintendent: charles.kizer@nashville.gov  
David Griffin, Finance & Administration Manager: david.griffin@nashville.gov 
Courtney Cotton, Marketing Manager: courtney.cotton@nashville.gov 
Yolanda Manning, Kitchens Program Manager: yolanda.manning@nashville.gov 
Katie Cummings, Farm Sheds Coordinator: katie.cummings@nashville.gov 
 
Marketing and advertising: The market uses its marketing, advertising and social media tools to support the 
events and operations of the market as a whole. All tenants grant the market an unrestricted right and license to 
use their image, likeness, actions, and statements in any photograph, broadcast, telecast, social media post, or 
other transmission or reproduction of market premises without further authorization or compensation. 
 
As independent businesses, tenants are expected to execute their own marketing and social media plans. Market 
management uses marketing funds and assets, ads, newsletters, blogs and social media at its discretion. 
However, tagging market social media accounts and informing the market's Marketing Manager about special 
deals, events, and products that tenants may have can increase inclusion in market-related media. For more 
information about marketing, please reach out to Courtney Cotton, Marketing Manager, at 
courtney.cotton@nashville.gov.  
 
Newsletters: Market management uses emailed newsletters to communicate with market house tenants as well 
Docusign Envelope ID: FEC1B075-0B32-4F97-B9CD-73702232EA3C
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
5 
as the community at large. These regularly emailed newsletters include information about upcoming events, 
promotions and more. Merchants are responsible for reviewing these newsletters to stay informed regarding 
market happenings. 
 
Slack Code of Conduct for Information and Communications: Slack is an internal messaging app for 
businesses that quickly connects you to information you need to stay in the loop about important topics in real 
time. Slack makes access to NFM management and fellow businesses easy - you can message anyone and 
collaborate just like you would in person. Slack features dedicated spaces called channels so content is 
organized and easy to find. Slack is the mandatory and main internal communications tool for Nashville Farmers’ 
Market. Please review the links below to learn about Slack, how to use it, and how it will improve our 
communications. 
How to use Slack: 
1. Download the Slack app on your phone or computer. 
2. Visit Slack.com to watch a demo video here and review their FAQ section. 
3. Step 3: Review and acknowledge the rules and guidelines in this document 
4. Step 4: Notify a Slack admin (information below) that you have downloaded the app and are 
ready to be invited to the Nashville Farmers’ Market Slack channels. 
Slack admins: 
● 
Darrell Lane, Executive Director - Darrell.Lane@Nashville.gov 
● 
David Griffin, Finance & Administration Manager - David.Griffin@Nashville.gov 
● 
Courtney Cotton, Marketing Manager - Courtney.Cotton@Nashville.gov 
 
Slack rules and guidelines: 
As an entity of the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, the Nashville Farmers’ Market is 
subject to public records requests and as such all Slack messages fall under the Tennessee Public Records Act 
and are not confidential. 
The Nashville Farmer’s Market requests that information shared on Nashville Farmers’ Market Slack channels not 
be shared with the general public. Our Slack community is intended only for communication between those who 
work at the market in a vendor, staff or tenant capacity. 
Be sure that your login credentials and logged-in devices are secure. Please exercise caution and refrain from 
sharing sensitive information as any information shared in the Slack channel is a public record. 
Slack retains complete logs of all channels and direct messages for the Nashville Farmers’ Market. Slack is a 
U.S. company and is therefore subject to subpoenas from U.S. courts. Our logs may be subject to subpoena and 
could become public as part of legal proceedings.  
Nashville Farmers’ Market has a zero tolerance policy for harassment. Harassment includes all of the points listed 
in the appendix above, as well as a sustained disruption of discussion, continued one-on-one communication after 
requests to cease or publication of non-harassing private communication If you are being harassed, notice that 
someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact a Nashville Farmers’ Market Slack 
administrative member immediately. Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply 
immediately. If a participant engages in harassing behavior, Slack admins may take any action they deem 
appropriate, up to and including expulsion from the Nashville Farmers’ Market. 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: FEC1B075-0B32-4F97-B9CD-73702232EA3C
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
6 
The Kitchens at the Nashville Farmers’ Market: The market house is home to our Pop-Up Kitchen and 
Commissary, both of which are kitchens located inside of the market house. The intended purpose of these 
facilities is to provide chefs, caterers, food truck businesses and more with a space to kick-start their culinary 
business. The kitchens are commercially approved with state-of-the-art equipment, designed to support the 
economic development of our local food industry. Anyone interested in renting space in the Pop-Up Kitchen or the 
Commissary may contact Yolanda Manning at yolanda.manning@nashville.gov or 615-210-6919.  
 
Coolers, freezers and dry storage space: Tenants, Pop-Up Kitchen users, and Commissary users may rent 
walk-in coolers, freezers, and dry storage spaces (based on availability) from the market; payment is due upon 
signing an agreement. Anyone interested in renting these spaces may contact David Griffin, Finance & 
Administration Manager, at david.griffin@nashville.gov.  
 
Security: Security personnel are continuously on market property to provide public safety and regulate after-
hours entrance to the premises. Call 9-1-1 if there is a medical emergency or you are a victim of a crime on 
market premises. If you need to report a safety or security concern or a lost or stolen item, please contact a 
member of the security team immediately by calling or texting (629) 295-1606 or (629) 395-8058. 
 
Janitorial services: The market will provide janitorial for the cleaning and sanitation of common areas, 
restrooms, waste receptacles and grounds. Tenants are otherwise responsible for keeping their rented premises 
in a clean and sanitary condition free of trash, refuse, and debris.  If there is a janitorial issue, please contact 
market management or security personnel to report the issue immediately.   
 
Repair and maintenance: Requests for repair may be made submitted in writing to Charles Kizer, Building 
Maintenance Superintendent, at charles.kizer@nashville.gov. In the event of an emergency maintenance 
request, please contact market security at (629) 295-1606 or (626) 395-8058. The market is responsible for the 
following repairs: 
 
● 
Scheduling hood cleaning and annual inspections (if applicable) 
● 
Pest control 
● 
Plumbing 
● 
HVAC 
● 
Common area maintenance 
The tenant will be responsible for the following repairs: 
● 
Grease interceptors (if applicable) 
● 
Lessors’ property 
● 
Tenants’ property 
● 
Hood cleaning and annual inspections (if applicable 
 
Utilities:  The market will be responsible for providing common area lighting, heating, air conditioning, electricity, gas, 
water, central refuse collection area and garbage and recycling services.  As set forth in Section 4(b) (2) of the lease, 
the tenant will be responsible for paying its share of the costs for these services via the Utility Fee and Common Area 
Maintenance factor. The Utility Fee and Common Area Maintenance factor is described in Attachment 5 to the lease.  
The tenant will also be responsible for telephone, internet, cable. More information on Utilities may be found in Section 
8 of the lease. 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: FEC1B075-0B32-4F97-B9CD-73702232EA3C
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
7 
 
 
Payment 
 
Advance payment: All tenants are expected to make payment by the 5th of each calendar month using an ACH 
Transfer, check, money order, or other means approved by the market’s finance office. Checks can be mailed to: 
Nashville Farmers’ Market 
Attn: Finance Office 
900 Rosa L. Parks Blvd. 
Nashville, TN 37208 
 
No cash payments will be accepted. Personal checks, cashier checks, and money orders can be mailed or 
dropped off in person at the market’s management office between 9 a.m. and 3 p.m. on Monday – Friday. After-
hours check payments can be made utilizing the safe drop box outside the office door. Personal checks are only 
acceptable from tenant accounts in good standing. Returned / bounced checks are automatically sent to 
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County's collections department and are assessed a non-
sufficient funds (NSF) fee of $10. 
 
It is the tenant’s responsibility to remain in good standing. If a payment is made after the 5th of each month, a $50 
late charge will be applied to your account. Past due balances that roll into the following month are subject to a 
$250 late charge, as and for liquidated damages. 
 
All other charges, including any late charges, penalties for violations, or payment for property damage shall also 
be due by the 5th of the month following notice of such charges.  
 
If you are having issues paying your rent, please reach out to the finance office prior to missing a payment. 
Please contact David Griffin, Finance & Administration Manager, at david.griffin@nashville.gov for questions or 
payment information. 
 
Market house vending requirements 
 
Market house days and hours of operation 
 
● 
Building hours: 8 a.m. - 8 p.m.  
● 
Tenant required operating hours: 11 a.m. - 4 p.m., seven days per week, excluding the market’s observed 
holidays (New Year’s Eve, New Year’s Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day). 
● 
Market house closures: The market may host events in the common areas of the market (“event rentals”). 
The market may close at 3 p.m., up to eight days each year, for the purpose of hosting event rentals. The 
market may also schedule additional event rentals to begin at 5 p.m. on other days throughout the year.  
Setup for event rentals may occur during regular business operating hours.  The market shall provide the 
tenant with 10 days’ notice of any event rental.  Whether the tenant must close operations or remain open 
for business during event rentals shall be at the market’s sole determination. 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: FEC1B075-0B32-4F97-B9CD-73702232EA3C
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
8 
All tenants are required to operate their businesses on all days the market is open to the public unless otherwise 
communicated to and approved by market management. Tenants who close their business during required 
operating hours without prior permission from market management are subject to a $50 fine per day of non-
approved business closure. Market management will approve closures for reasons including maintenance or 
equipment failures, facility issues, and market-wide closures, so long as tenants seek prior approval for such 
closure from market management. 
 
Tenant premises and use 
 
 
● 
Tenant operations must stay within boundaries of their rented, assigned space(s). The placement of 
tenant merchandise or other items in the aisles or anywhere outside the rented space(s) is prohibited, 
unless approved by market management.  
● 
Blocking a roadway with merchandise, equipment or for loading/unloading purposes is strictly prohibited.  
● 
In-house walkways must remain clear at all times for customers during operating hours.  
 
Vendor kiosk carts/temporary floor spaces: Rolling vendor kiosk carts and/or temporary floor spaces are 
available for rent inside the market house, with a minimum of a three-month commitment. Required operating 
days and hours are Friday, Saturday, and Sunday from 11 a.m. - 4 p.m., excluding market-approved holidays. 
Kiosk carts are assigned designated spaces in the market house. Market management considers a variety of 
factors in determining cart placements, including visibility for a business, as well as consideration of what may 
disadvantage or block other businesses. Relocation of carts is not permitted.  
 
Kiosk cart renters are permitted to add a magnet to the kiosk for branding and are welcome to remove any 
shelves or fixtures that are not of use. Please secure storage of any of these fixtures inside of the cart. Kiosk cart 
renters are responsible for loading, storing, and securing products for sale on carts. Renters will also be provided 
with a cart cover, but each renter will need to supply their own lock. Each kiosk cart comes with a remote control 
that operates cart lighting. Market management provides AAA batteries for these remotes.  No merchandise is 
permitted on the floor area around the kiosk cart, but kiosk cart renters may provide their own single bar stool for 
sitting. If you need assistance with kiosk cart tires, or have any other kiosk cart questions, please contact Charles 
Kizer, Building Maintenance Superintendent, at charles.kizer@nashville.gov.  
 
Events: The market hosts several special events annually, including weekend festivals. These events provide 
tenants with an opportunity to reach a large audience and market seasonal goods. Please refer to 
nashvillefarmersmarket.org for event details. Tenants are required to operate their business during all events 
unless otherwise approved by market management.    
 
Inclement weather policy: The market is open rain or shine.  Market management will make decisions to alter 
market operations and hours based on weather reports and on-site market conditions. It is within the authority of 
market staff to close the market early, open the market late, or cancel a market day due to severe or inclement 
weather. During inclement weather events, it is up to the individual tenants to weigh factors and make a decision 
about whether to attend the market (so long as the market remains open). Market closures will not count against 
market attendance records. Rent refunds and credits will not be provided for inclement weather closure except 
with written approval from management. 
 
Emergency Action Plan (EAP): In the event of an emergency, please follow all instructions from Farmers’ 
Market Security and Management Staff.  
 
Docusign Envelope ID: FEC1B075-0B32-4F97-B9CD-73702232EA3C
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
9 
Sales reporting: Monthly net sales and transactions are required to be submitted to the market's finance office by 
the 20th day of each calendar month for the prior month. Repeated withholding of net sales information constitutes 
a policy violation.  
 
Food containers: Tenants shall only use market-approved food containers while in operation. 
 
Alcoholic beverages and other controlled substances: At all times and in all instances, the sale and 
consumption of alcoholic beverages at the market shall be in accordance with the approval and regulations of all 
state and local government regulatory agencies charged with the oversight thereof. Additionally, no alcoholic 
beverages shall be kept, bought, or sold in any rental space or other market location except pursuant to a current 
lease or as may be approved for an event. Consumption of alcoholic beverages is prohibited by any vendor or 
vendor’s staff during scheduled time of employment. Market approval relating to alcoholic beverages shall not 
indicate or otherwise imply regulatory approval or compliance, which is not within market purview. No illegal 
substances shall be consumed, kept, bought, or sold in any rental space or other market location. 
 
Cleanliness and safe food handling:  Tenants are expected to uphold or exceed the USDA and Metro Public 
Health Department standards regarding cleanliness and safe food handling. Each tenant’s health department 
rating must be visible to customers at all times. Failed inspections and/or re-inspections must be reported to 
market management within 48 hours of said inspection.  
Signage: Tenants are required to display signage of their company name. Pricing must be listed by type/weight 
(price sheet, signs or priced on item) throughout each day. Tenants are not allowed to tape or wrap signs to the 
columns in the market house. Tenants may use monitors to display menus and other marketing elements, upon 
market management approval. TVs can be no larger than 55” and must be muted.  No signs, banners, nails, 
screws or advertising material may be placed on any market building, walls, or doors without written approval 
from market management. Hand-written signage is not permitted in the market house. All signs and 
placement of signage must be approved by market management.  
 
Stanchions: If a customer line is impeding the common areas, it is the responsibility of the tenant to provide 
stanchions to provide order to the queue.  
 
 
Cameras: Although tenants are generally responsible for the security of their stations, the market has security 
cameras placed throughout the property. If a tenant or patron requests to capture video in response to a crime 
and the request is timely brought to market management’s attention, management will review relevant footage 
and release the footage to law enforcement at its discretion. Tenants may place cameras within their rented 
spaces only with written permission from market management, who will review camera placement and sample 
footage, among other factors. Tenants are not permitted to install cameras on market columns or other market 
fixtures. Tenants may only record footage within their space and may not record other spaces or vendors. 
Violation of any of these policies will result in immediate removal of cameras and can result in temporary 
suspension of business operations. 
 
Modifications to and devices on market property:  No physical attachments or modifications shall be 
constructed or installed on market property without prior approval. No electronic device of any kind, including 
televisions, radios, security devices, satellite dishes, etc. shall be installed without prior approval. No 
loudspeakers, radios, televisions, or similar devices shall be used in a manner such that they can be seen or 
heard outside of the tenant's premises without market approval.   
 
Nuisance: Tenants shall not make noises, create odors, or cause disturbances which could reasonably be found 
offensive by other tenants, employees, customers, or others, or conduct themselves in such a way that they 
Docusign Envelope ID: FEC1B075-0B32-4F97-B9CD-73702232EA3C
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
10 
disturb others’ quiet enjoyment of the market. 
 
Parking rules  
 
Parking: All tenants are required to park in designated areas when working at the market. On Saturdays and 
Sundays, tenants are expected to park in the nearby TN state parking lots to ensure adequate parking availability 
for customers (see map below for lot locations).   
 
Parking in fire lanes, doorways or places not designated as parking or loading zones is always prohibited. 
Overnight parking is strictly prohibited. Market management will provide alternative parking instructions in any 
instance when designated parking areas are impacted by road or lot closures. Further documentation including, 
but not limited to, state-issued handicap placards and medical records, may be required upon application for such 
an accommodation. Tenants who violate the parking policies of the market may be towed at the owner’s 
expense.  
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: FEC1B075-0B32-4F97-B9CD-73702232EA3C
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
11 
Loading zone: All loading and unloading of goods shall be done only at such times, in the areas, and through the 
entrances designated for such purposes by market management. Tenant property shall not be placed in the 
loading zone area for a period greater than 30 minutes. Tenants are to share use of the loading zone and may not 
discourage its use by other tenants. Tenants shall not place garbage or empty pallets or other objects on or 
around the loading zone or otherwise obstruct deliveries to the zone. The loading zone is not to be used to ship 
items from the market without written approval from market management. 
Other tenant rules  
 
Garbage / refuse: The market offers recycling, compost, and landfill waste collection at the on-premises waste 
center. All recycling, compost and garbage must be removed from rented spaces and placed inside the 
appropriate bins at the end of each day. Prior to that point, it must be kept in appropriate containers and kept 
within each tenants’ leased premises. Garbage must be in securely tied garbage bags. No refuse, rubbish, or 
pallets shall be stored in the market house common areas, including the loading zone. To keep the market area 
clean and presentable for customers, tenants must break down boxes, store trash in an orderly manner, and bring 
any excessive refuse to the waste center as needed. The market, at its option, may charge the tenant FIFTY 
DOLLARS ($50.00) per infraction, as and for liquidated damages. See lease attachment 7 for more information. 
 
Plumbing: The market’s plumbing facilities, including grease interceptors, are only to be used for the purposes 
for which they were designed, and tenants shall avoid placing foreign substances inside the plumbing. Damage 
resulting from a violation of this policy shall be repaired at the cost of the tenant who, or whose 
employees, agents, or invitees, caused such damage. 
 
Shipping and deliveries: Delivery and shipping of merchandise, supplies, and fixtures to and from the market 
shall be subject to market management policies. 
 
After-hours entry: Only authorized persons will be permitted to enter after hours. For after-hours entry to the 
premises, individuals must contact market security at (629) 295-1606 or (626) 395-8058 for approval. 
 
Prohibited items: Selling or displaying any of the following is strictly prohibited: 
 
● 
Items that violate federal, state, or local laws 
● 
Stolen or counterfeit items 
● 
Medications of any type 
● 
Live animals 
● 
Weapons (anything manifestly designed, made, or adapted for the purpose of inflicting death or serious  
 
bodily injury; or anything that in the manner of its intended use is capable of causing death or serious  
 
bodily injury) 
● 
Items, including signage and literature, that, at the sole determination of market management,  
are obscene or otherwise condone or display nudity, racism, sexism, etc., in violation of the Metropolitan 
Government’s harassment-free workplace policy. 
 
Smoking and vaping: Smoking and vaping are prohibited on market grounds, including inside the market’s iron 
gates, patio areas, farm sheds, garden center, and inside the market house. 
 
Fire: Open flame is prohibited at the market by order of the fire marshal. It is prohibited to burn trash on market 
property.  Burning incense is also prohibited. 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: FEC1B075-0B32-4F97-B9CD-73702232EA3C
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
12 
Pets: Leashed pets and service animals are permitted inside the iron fence, in and between the sheds and within 
patio areas. Tenants are not permitted to bring domestic pets to the market house during operating hours. In 
accordance with the Nashville Department of Health regulations, well-behaved, leashed pets are welcomed in 
outdoor market areas, including the farm sheds and outdoor patios. We are committed to serving customers with 
disabilities and permit the use of service animals throughout the indoor and outdoor campus. All registered and 
trained service animals should have a current license tag affixed to the animal’s collar as required by Chapter 
8.04 of the Metropolitan code. 
 
Soliciting: Soliciting is prohibited without written authorization from market management. This includes, but is not 
limited to, ambush marketing and petitioners. Individuals and organizations are not permitted to solicit in the 
market house. 
 
Rules of conduct 
 
Tenant conduct: Market management expects all tenants and their staff to conduct themselves in a manner that 
contributes to a positive shopping experience for market customers. Tenant staff should be well-versed in the 
products they are selling and provide positive customer service to ensure a pleasant shopping experience.  
 
We ask that tenants not leave their business unattended during market hours. If a tenant is working alone and 
needs a break, the tenant should ask a neighbor for help. Courtesy and respect are essential to the success of 
the market and its tenants.  
 
Market management expects tenants and their employees to be honest and to conduct themselves in a courteous 
and friendly manner with other market participants, staff, service providers and shoppers. Inappropriate conduct 
or language toward other tenants, customers, or management - whether in person or by electronic media - will not 
be tolerated and may be grounds for immediate termination and dismissal from the market. 
 
Applicable laws: Tenants shall not violate any applicable local, state, or federal laws or regulations and shall 
obtain all necessary permits and licensures. Tenants may not engage in any illegal or hazardous conduct.   
 
Gifts: Tenants shall not offer gifts, remuneration, or things of value of any kind to market board members, market 
staff, market contractors, or employees of the Metropolitan Government.   
 
Non-discrimination: It is the policy of the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County not to 
discriminate on the basis of age, race, sex, color, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability in 
its hiring and employment practices, or in admission to, access to, or operation of its programs, services and 
activities. No person shall be excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, be discriminated against in the 
admission or access to, or be discriminated against in treatment or employment in the Metropolitan Government 
of Nashville and Davidson County’s contracted programs or activities, on the grounds of handicap and/or 
disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other classification protected by federal or state 
constitutional or statutory law. 
Any tenant found to be violating this policy is subject to penalties, including possible suspension or expulsion from 
the market. 
Harassment-free workplace policy: The following is applicable to all tenants and their staff, market staff, service 
providers, and board members. Anyone who experiences harassment is encouraged to report the incident to 
market management. Complaints about market management may be reported to the Metropolitan Government’s 
Docusign Envelope ID: FEC1B075-0B32-4F97-B9CD-73702232EA3C
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
13 
Human Resources Department.   
The market is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. 
Everyone has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and 
prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices including harassment. Therefore, the market expects that all 
relationships among persons in the office and markets will be businesslike and free of bias, prejudice and 
harassment. It is the policy of the market to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or 
harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, 
immigration status, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, or status as a covered veteran. The market 
prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.  
 
Any tenant found to be violating this policy is subject to penalties, including possible suspension or expulsion from 
the market. 
 
Definitions of harassment 
 
Sexual harassment constitutes discrimination and is illegal under federal, state and local laws. For the purposes 
of this policy, sexual harassment is defined, as in the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission Guidelines, as 
unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors and other verbal or physical conduct of a sexual nature 
when, for example: 
 
● 
Submission to such conduct is made either explicitly or implicitly a term or condition of an  
individual's employment 
● 
Submission to or rejection of such conduct by an individual is used as the basis for employment  
decisions affecting such individuals 
● 
Such conduct has the purpose or effect of unreasonably interfering with an individual's work  
performance or creating an intimidating, hostile or offensive working environment. 
 
Sexual harassment may include a range of subtle and not-so-subtle behaviors and may involve individuals of the 
same or different genders. Depending on the circumstances, these behaviors may include unwanted sexual 
advances or requests for sexual favors; sexual jokes and innuendo; verbal abuse of a sexual nature; commentary 
about an individual's body, sexual prowess or sexual deficiencies; leering, whistling or touching; insulting or 
obscene comments or gestures; display in the workplace of sexually suggestive objects or pictures; and other 
physical, verbal or visual conduct of a sexual nature. 
  
Harassment on the basis of any other protected characteristic is also strictly prohibited. Under this policy, 
harassment is verbal, written or physical conduct that denigrates or shows hostility or aversion toward an 
individual because of their race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, immigration status or 
citizenship, age, disability, marital status, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected 
by law or that of their relatives, friends or associates, and that: a) has the purpose or effect of creating an 
intimidating, hostile or offensive work environment; b) has the purpose or effect of unreasonably interfering with 
an individual's work performance; or c) otherwise adversely affects an individual's employment opportunities.  
 
Harassing conduct includes epithets, slurs or negative stereotyping; threatening, intimidating or hostile acts; 
denigrating jokes; and written or graphic material that denigrates or shows hostility or aversion toward an 
individual or group and that is placed on walls or elsewhere on the employer's premises or circulated in the 
workplace, on company time or using company equipment via email, phone (including voice messages), text 
messages, tweets, blogs, social networking sites, or other means.  
Docusign Envelope ID: FEC1B075-0B32-4F97-B9CD-73702232EA3C
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
14 
 
These policies apply to all tenants, employees and off-site markets where the market operates, whether related to 
conduct engaged in by fellow employees or someone not directly connected to the market (e.g., an outside 
vendor, consultant or customer). Conduct prohibited by these policies is unacceptable in the workplace and in any 
work-related setting outside the workplace, such as during business trips, business meetings and business-
related social events. 
 
Grievance policy: If a tenant has a grievance regarding the market, its staff, or any member of the vending 
community, it must be submitted in writing to market management within 30 days of the occurrence so that the 
grievance can be properly investigated. Market management will make a good faith effort to resolve the matter 
within ten calendar days. If the grievant wishes to appeal market management’s decision, the appeal should be 
filled in writing with the Chair of the Farmers’ Market Board of Commissioners’ within 30 days. The Board of 
Commissioners shall render a decision at the next regularly scheduled meeting after the appeal has been filled.  
For more information, please reference the Nashville Farmers’ Market Rules by clicking here. The market 
prohibits retaliation against any individual who files a grievance or who participates in an investigation of such 
reports. The market seeks to foster a safe and inclusive environment for all, and grievance claims will be pursued 
with the utmost concern and promptness to ensure resolution.   
 
Please contact Darrell Lane, Executive Director, at darrell.lane@nashville.gov if you have experienced a 
violation of any of these rules. 
 
Agreement and penalties 
 
As a condition of submitting an application to become a tenant at the market, applicants agree to comply with the 
rules and policy handbook and with all applicable Nashville Farmers’ Market rules, which can be found by 
clicking here.  
 
Violations and penalties: Violations or failure to comply with any market rules and policies will generally result in 
the following disciplinary action from market management: 
 
● 
First offense: A verbal warning with documentation of the offense 
● 
Second offense: A written warning and a $50 violation fee per offense 
● 
Third offense: Suspension for a period of time, designated by market management 
● 
Fourth offense: Termination of license / lease agreement, with 30 days’ written notice 
 
Penalties depend on the severity of the offense, and market management may apply such penalties at its 
discretion. All violations of market rules, policies or directives constitute a breach of license to operate at the 
market. Extreme violations can result in the permanent loss of any or all market privileges and contract 
termination, as well as associated charges, fees, and damages. 
 
Amending policies: Market rules and policies may be altered, amended, or replaced by the executive director of 
the market, or by a majority vote of the Nashville Farmers’ Market Board at any regular or special meeting, as 
applicable.  
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: FEC1B075-0B32-4F97-B9CD-73702232EA3C
ARCHIVE


Certificate Of Completion
Envelope Id: FEC1B075-0B32-4F97-B9CD-73702232EA3C
Status: Completed
Subject: Complete with Docusign: Cookie Beard Temp. Space agreement ends 04.30.27.pdf
Source Envelope: 
Document Pages: 23
Signatures: 6
Envelope Originator: 
Certificate Pages: 5
Initials: 0
David Griffin
AutoNav: Enabled
EnvelopeId Stamping: Enabled
Time Zone: (UTC-08:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada)
david.griffin@nashville.gov
IP Address: 170.190.198.180
Record Tracking
Status: Original
             4/14/2026 10:46:28 AM
Holder: David Griffin
             david.griffin@nashville.gov
Location: DocuSign
Security Appliance Status: Connected
Pool: StateLocal
Signer Events
Signature
Timestamp
Shawn Beard
shawnbeard702@gmail.com
Owner
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 2600:387:f:90e::31
Signed using mobile
Sent: 4/14/2026 10:49:55 AM
Viewed: 4/16/2026 2:55:32 PM 
Signed: 4/16/2026 2:56:08 PM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 4/16/2026 2:55:32 PM
      ID: 2d5f97a1-f009-4c02-9e44-1927e159cdb6
Sally Palmer
sally.palmer@nashville.gov
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Completed
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.185
Sent: 4/16/2026 2:56:10 PM
Viewed: 4/16/2026 3:00:32 PM 
Signed: 4/16/2026 3:07:39 PM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 4/16/2026 3:00:32 PM
      ID: 721173e5-d5cf-4be8-bc17-8bd36e24d8bd
Darrell Lane
darrell.lane@nashville.gov
Executive Director
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.180
Sent: 4/16/2026 3:07:40 PM
Viewed: 4/17/2026 8:31:25 AM 
Signed: 4/17/2026 8:31:36 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 4/17/2026 8:31:25 AM
      ID: 5c2180dc-e2b1-401f-97ff-dd6d3173c9e9
Jenneen Reed/mjw
maryjo.wiggins@nashville.gov
Finance Director
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.100
Sent: 4/17/2026 8:31:38 AM
Viewed: 4/17/2026 9:54:18 AM 
Signed: 4/17/2026 9:54:50 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 4/17/2026 9:54:18 AM
      ID: 9d73bbba-0b9f-42cc-a792-5ce70a0344db
ARCHIVE


Signer Events
Signature
Timestamp
Balogun Cobb
balogun.cobb@nashville.gov
Insurance Division Manager
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.185
Sent: 4/17/2026 9:54:52 AM
Viewed: 4/21/2026 8:31:06 AM 
Signed: 4/21/2026 8:31:55 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 1/25/2023 12:43:11 PM
      ID: 2f510e9d-2556-4e22-86c5-c8b61288c9d4
Justin Marsh
justin.marsh@nashville.gov
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.185
Sent: 4/21/2026 8:31:57 AM
Viewed: 4/21/2026 8:53:40 AM 
Signed: 4/21/2026 9:02:14 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 4/21/2026 8:53:40 AM
      ID: ca3e8f48-8109-4b78-bd00-59334f1e977e
Austin Kyle
metroclerk@nashville.gov
Stones River Region AACA
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.100
Sent: 4/21/2026 9:02:15 AM
Viewed: 4/22/2026 2:12:30 PM 
Signed: 4/22/2026 2:12:41 PM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 2/24/2023 8:52:30 AM
      ID: 4af1267f-650f-4c74-9869-8949f48e1397
In Person Signer Events
Signature
Timestamp
Editor Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Agent Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Intermediary Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Certified Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Carbon Copy Events
Status
Timestamp
Witness Events
Signature
Timestamp
Notary Events
Signature
Timestamp
Envelope Summary Events
Status
Timestamps
Envelope Sent
Hashed/Encrypted
4/14/2026 10:49:55 AM
Certified Delivered
Security Checked
4/22/2026 2:12:30 PM
Signing Complete
Security Checked
4/22/2026 2:12:41 PM
Completed
Security Checked
4/22/2026 2:12:41 PM
Payment Events
Status
Timestamps
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure
ARCHIVE


ELECTRONIC RECORD AND SIGNATURE DISCLOSURE  
From time to time, Farmers’ Market (we, us or Company) may be required by law to provide to 
you certain written notices or disclosures. Described below are the terms and conditions for 
providing to you such notices and disclosures electronically through the DocuSign system. 
Please read the information below carefully and thoroughly, and if you can access this 
information electronically to your satisfaction and agree to this Electronic Record and Signature 
Disclosure (ERSD), please confirm your agreement by selecting the check-box next to ‘I agree to 
use electronic records and signatures’ before clicking ‘CONTINUE’ within the DocuSign 
system. 
 
Getting paper copies  
At any time, you may request from us a paper copy of any record provided or made available 
electronically to you by us. You will have the ability to download and print documents we send 
to you through the DocuSign system during and immediately after the signing session and, if you 
elect to create a DocuSign account, you may access the documents for a limited period of time 
(usually 30 days) after such documents are first sent to you. After such time, if you wish for us to 
send you paper copies of any such documents from our office to you, you will be charged a 
$0.00 per-page fee. You may request delivery of such paper copies from us by following the 
procedure described below. 
 
Withdrawing your consent  
If you decide to receive notices and disclosures from us electronically, you may at any time 
change your mind and tell us that thereafter you want to receive required notices and disclosures 
only in paper format. How you must inform us of your decision to receive future notices and 
disclosure in paper format and withdraw your consent to receive notices and disclosures 
electronically is described below. 
 
Consequences of changing your mind  
If you elect to receive required notices and disclosures only in paper format, it will slow the 
speed at which we can complete certain steps in transactions with you and delivering services to 
you because we will need first to send the required notices or disclosures to you in paper format, 
and then wait until we receive back from you your acknowledgment of your receipt of such 
paper notices or disclosures. Further, you will no longer be able to use the DocuSign system to 
receive required notices and consents electronically from us or to sign electronically documents 
from us. 
 
All notices and disclosures will be sent to you electronically  
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure created on: 11/7/2022 9:26:08 AM
Parties agreed to: Shawn Beard, Sally Palmer, Darrell Lane, Jenneen Reed/mjw, Balogun Cobb, Justin Marsh, Austin Kyle
ARCHIVE


Unless you tell us otherwise in accordance with the procedures described herein, we will provide 
electronically to you through the DocuSign system all required notices, disclosures, 
authorizations, acknowledgements, and other documents that are required to be provided or made 
available to you during the course of our relationship with you. To reduce the chance of you 
inadvertently not receiving any notice or disclosure, we prefer to provide all of the required 
notices and disclosures to you by the same method and to the same address that you have given 
us. Thus, you can receive all the disclosures and notices electronically or in paper format through 
the paper mail delivery system. If you do not agree with this process, please let us know as 
described below. Please also see the paragraph immediately above that describes the 
consequences of your electing not to receive delivery of the notices and disclosures 
electronically from us. 
 
How to contact Farmers’ Market:  
You may contact us to let us know of your changes as to how we may contact you electronically, 
to request paper copies of certain information from us, and to withdraw your prior consent to 
receive notices and disclosures electronically as follows: 
To contact us by email send messages to: david.griffin@nashville.gov 
 
To advise Farmers’ Market of your new email address  
To let us know of a change in your email address where we should send notices and disclosures 
electronically to you, you must send an email message to us at david.griffin@nashville.gov and 
in the body of such request you must state: your previous email address, your new email 
address.  We do not require any other information from you to change your email address.  
If you created a DocuSign account, you may update it with your new email address through your 
account preferences.  
 
To request paper copies from Farmers’ Market  
To request delivery from us of paper copies of the notices and disclosures previously provided 
by us to you electronically, you must send us an email to david.griffin@nashville.gov and in the 
body of such request you must state your email address, full name, mailing address, and 
telephone number. We will bill you for any fees at that time, if any. 
 
To withdraw your consent with Farmers’ Market  
To inform us that you no longer wish to receive future notices and disclosures in electronic 
format you may: 
ARCHIVE


i. decline to sign a document from within your signing session, and on the subsequent page, 
select the check-box indicating you wish to withdraw your consent, or you may; 
ii. send us an email to david.griffin@nashville.gov and in the body of such request you must 
state your email, full name, mailing address, and telephone number. We do not need any other 
information from you to withdraw consent..  The consequences of your withdrawing consent for 
online documents will be that transactions may take a longer time to process.. 
 
Required hardware and software  
The minimum system requirements for using the DocuSign system may change over time. The 
current system requirements are found here: https://support.docusign.com/guides/signer-guide-
signing-system-requirements.  
 
Acknowledging your access and consent to receive and sign documents electronically  
To confirm to us that you can access this information electronically, which will be similar to 
other electronic notices and disclosures that we will provide to you, please confirm that you have 
read this ERSD, and (i) that you are able to print on paper or electronically save this ERSD for 
your future reference and access; or (ii) that you are able to email this ERSD to an email address 
where you will be able to print on paper or save it for your future reference and access. Further, 
if you consent to receiving notices and disclosures exclusively in electronic format as described 
herein, then select the check-box next to ‘I agree to use electronic records and signatures’ before 
clicking ‘CONTINUE’ within the DocuSign system. 
By selecting the check-box next to ‘I agree to use electronic records and signatures’, you confirm 
that: 
 
You can access and read this Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure; and 
 
You can print on paper this Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure, or save or send 
this Electronic Record and Disclosure to a location where you can print it, for future 
reference and access; and 
 
Until or unless you notify Farmers’ Market as described above, you consent to receive 
exclusively through electronic means all notices, disclosures, authorizations, 
acknowledgements, and other documents that are required to be provided or made 
available to you by Farmers’ Market during the course of your relationship with Farmers’ 
Market. 
ARCHIVE
