Docusign Envelope ID: BCC3FB70-203A-4845-B3C2-8391F865D6DB
A-48354
X
APPROVED
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: BCC3FB70-203A-4845-B3C2-8391F865D6DB
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: BCC3FB70-203A-4845-B3C2-8391F865D6DB
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: BCC3FB70-203A-4845-B3C2-8391F865D6DB
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: BCC3FB70-203A-4845-B3C2-8391F865D6DB
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: BCC3FB70-203A-4845-B3C2-8391F865D6DB
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: BCC3FB70-203A-4845-B3C2-8391F865D6DB
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: BCC3FB70-203A-4845-B3C2-8391F865D6DB
ARCHIVE


 
{N0665862.1} 
1 
 
 
 
Nashville Farmers’ Market 
Vendor Handbook 
Updated January 2025 
 
About the Nashville Farmers' Market 
Farmers, artisans, and small businesses are the cornerstone of the Nashville Farmers’ Market (the market). The 
market operates daily as a retail hub and small business incubation center for farmers, artisans and small 
businesses that desire to serve the region. Since its inception in the 1800s, the market offers these vendors the 
opportunity to sell their wares more than 350 days per year.  
The market is a public facility located on a 12-acre property in the urban core of Nashville, within walking distance 
of many local neighborhoods, including Germantown, Salemtown, the Gulch and the downtown district. The 
market includes two outdoor sheds, a garden center and a food hall offering an international foods market, local 
artisans’ shops, and a variety of dining options. 
 
There are numerous benefits to vending at the Nashville Farmers' Market: 
 
● 
A welcoming, diverse community of vendors and supporters. 
● 
Easy load-in and load-out options available near each stall. 
● 
More than 1,500 surface parking spaces conveniently located within half a mile, with dedicated 
vendor parking lots. 
● 
Easy reservations! Sell once or multiple times per week by selecting available dates when applying 
for booth spaces.  
● 
Option to sell year-round or just for the season that your product is available. 
● 
Option to be a visiting vendor (perfect for artisans who participate in regional shows). 
● 
Option to participate in food justice programs. 
● 
Opportunity to be featured in the market's seasonal events, workshops, advertising, monthly 
newsletters, etc. 
● 
The market offers marketing support and assistance with permitting. 
● 
Booth spaces can be paid daily, monthly, or annually  
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: BCC3FB70-203A-4845-B3C2-8391F865D6DB
ARCHIVE


 
{N0665862.1} 
2 
 
 
 
Table of contents 
 
Vendor application and rates - page 3 
Approval and placement - page 5 
Staff and services - page 6 
Payment and cancellations - page 7 
Vending at the market - page 8 
Rules of conduct - page 14 
Programs - page 15 
Agreement and penalties - page 16 
Appendix - page 17 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: BCC3FB70-203A-4845-B3C2-8391F865D6DB
ARCHIVE


 
{N0665862.1} 
3 
 
 
 
Vendor application and rates 
 
How to apply: 
 
● 
Before applying, please read this handbook in full and contact our Market Manager (by phone or 
email- please see contact information below or on the NFM website) if you have any questions.  
● 
If applicable, set up an on-site tour with our Marketing Manager to learn more about vending at the 
market and FAQs.  
● 
By submitting your application, you agree to comply with all Nashville Farmers' Market policies. 
● 
Create a profile on Marketspread.com. 
● 
Upload the required documents for your vendor type as listed in the application. 
● 
Answer all questions for approval  
● 
Select the dates you plan to vend.  
● 
Review your application (incomplete applications will not be considered). 
● 
Pay the $25 non-refundable application fee to submit your application for approval. 
 
Nashville Farmers' Market management may request additional information, a site visit, a meeting, and / or 
product samples as part of the application process. 
 
Please note: The application process to sell at the Nashville Farmers’ Market is competitive. The market 
receives hundreds of applications every year, many of which include returning vendors. Applications will be 
approved as needed by and at the discretion of market management based on criteria including, but not 
limited to: 
 
● 
The needs of the market, including product mix; 
● 
Farming practices (for farm businesses); 
● 
Extent of local or regional sourcing (for non-farm businesses); 
● 
Product quality and fit; 
● 
Market-readiness including marketing, branding, and merchandising; 
● 
For existing vendors, track record with payment, attendance, marketing, etc. 
 
The Nashville Farmers’ Market functions primarily to serve farmers and artisans who grow, craft, or otherwise 
produce their own wares, and the consumers who wish to support these producers. Farmers and artisans 
bringing their own products to market will be given priority consideration in the application process. Only 
applicants that meet the market's vendor standards and eligibility criteria will be considered for approval. For 
a full description of approved vendor types, please refer to the appendix on page 17. Market management 
reserves the right to deny the application of any vendor for any reason, including discrimination or 
harassment, as outlined in the harassment-free workplace policy on page 14. 
 
Required documents 
 
Insurance: All vendors must carry insurance for general liability and property damage, as well as product 
liability coverage, at minimum of $1 million, and all other coverage as required by law. Vendors must provide 
two separate Certificates of Insurance showing active insurance policies with the application: one naming the 
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County as an additional insured and one naming the 
State of Tennessee an additional insured.  If insurance expires during the season, the vendor must provide 
Docusign Envelope ID: BCC3FB70-203A-4845-B3C2-8391F865D6DB
ARCHIVE


 
{N0665862.1} 
4 
 
proof of the renewed insurance policy at the time of policy expiration.  Failure to produce proof of a renewed 
insurance policy shall be considered a violation of Nashville Farmers' Market rules and policies.   
 
 
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County  
Metro Courthouse, Suite 108 
Nashville, Tennessee  37201 
 
State of Tennessee  
William R. Snodgrass Tennessee Tower 
312 Rosa L. Parks Blvd 
Nashville, Tennessee  37243.   
 
Licenses / permits: Vendors must provide copies of business licenses, sales tax certificates, Health 
Department permit, Health Department inspection and Department of Agriculture certificates, if applicable to 
their business. All products must comply with local, state, and/or federal health ordinances, and applicants 
must provide documentation of compliance as required when submitting the application. Applications are not 
considered complete without all applicable permits. 
 
Farm shed rates:  
 
● 
$25 application fee (to be paid in full each season at the time of application). 
● 
$30 approval fee for new vendors only (once approved for vending). 
● 
$70 per booth for Saturday or Sunday ($85 for corner placements). 
● 
$40 per booth for Friday ($55for corner placements).  
● 
$600 per month for a farm shed membership ($700 for corner placements).  
● 
$85 per day for food trucks 
● 
$50 pop up tent (10x10 space, location varies) 
 
Visiting vendors: Visiting vendors are approved and scheduled as needed by market management on a 
case-by-case basis. Exclusivity with products is not guaranteed at the market, however, management will 
always attempt to schedule vendors accordingly. New vendors may only schedule vending dates for up to 90 
days at one time. If more dates need to be added, please email the Market Manager accordingly. Single-day 
vendors are not permitted to store or maintain merchandising units on-premises. Vendors are allowed to 
leave items on site when vending consecutive days. Seasonal and visiting vendors must select a minimum of 
six market dates to be approved. All items that are sold by visiting vendors must be created, curated or 
produced by that visiting vendor.  
 
 
Farm shed memberships: Vendors who can commit to vending Fridays through Sundays during peak 
season (March 1 – October 31), and Saturdays and Sundays during winter season (November 1 – February 
28), may apply for a one-year farm shed membership for either or both seasons. Membership includes a 
guaranteed vending space, on-site storage, electrical outlets, and priority placement for the requested 
season. Only vendors in good standing and who have completed the new-vendor probationary period will be 
considered for membership.  Vendors should indicate interest in securing a membership on their application, 
though approval is at the discretion of market management and subject to space availability. 
 
Please contact the Farmers’ Market Program Manager for more information on required documentation, 
assistance with permitting, and questions about the application process.  
Docusign Envelope ID: BCC3FB70-203A-4845-B3C2-8391F865D6DB
ARCHIVE


 
{N0665862.1} 
5 
 
 
Approval and placement 
 
 
New vendors: New vendors will be charged a one-time application approval fee ($30.) New vendors are 
subject to a 90-day probationary period upon approval as a vendor. During this probationary period, vendors 
must demonstrate an understanding of and adherence to market rules and policies. This includes, but is not 
limited to, attendance, payment and sales reporting, behavior, and marketing practices. New vendors who 
violate the market’s rules and policies will be removed from the schedule and will not be considered for future 
seasons. 
 
Vendor placement: Market management will try to accommodate vendor location preferences when making 
rental space assignments. However, the exact location of rental spaces that will be assigned to and reserved 
for each vendor will be determined based on the vendor type and the spaces available at the sole discretion 
of market management. Vendors interested in corner placements must indicate so on their application, but 
demonstrating interest does not guarantee corner placement, as those spaces are limited. 
 
ONLY vendors with a farm shed membership or rental agreements have privileges (detailed by their 
agreements) associated with the location of their assigned spaces beyond the period for which they have 
prepaid for continuous occupancy. At the full discretion of market management, all other vendors are subject 
to being assigned different rental spaces in any location at any time. 
 
Vendors are responsible for reviewing their weekly invoice for their booth assignment, as it is subject to 
change week to week. For example, if a vendor is in booth 219, their weekly invoice will say “Area 1 – 219.”  
 
Approved products: Vendors are only allowed to sell the products listed in their approved application for the 
current season. In addition to the products expressly outlined in a vendor’s application, they may, however, 
include branded items to promote their individual business as a part of their booth offerings. Branded items 
are limited to t-shirts, stickers, magnets, and hats, and must prominently display the business’ name and/or 
logo. Prepared food vendors may sell bottles of water. 
 
Surrender of space: At the end of each period for which vendors have properly paid rent, vendors must 
surrender the rented space in the same condition and cleanliness (ordinary wear and tear excepted) as when 
they took possession and are responsible for the costs of any cleaning or repairs deemed necessary by 
market management. If vendors fail to surrender rental space at the end of the period in which it was rented, 
market management may consider all effects remaining therein as abandoned and act accordingly, as well as 
impose any associated penalties. 
 
Farm visits and inspections: All farmers and producers are subject to periodic farm or business visits and 
inspections. Market representatives may visit any farm or establishment used by its farmer or producers 
during normal business hours (8 a.m.–5 p.m.) to verify compliance with the producer-only requirement. Such 
inspections may or may not be announced. The farmer or producer must provide any help necessary to 
thoroughly document the establishment or property being inspected along with the products being brought to 
market and/or listed in the annual application. Failure to permit a farm visit or inspection of an establishment 
used for processing product(s) may result in suspension or termination of vending privilege.
Docusign Envelope ID: BCC3FB70-203A-4845-B3C2-8391F865D6DB
ARCHIVE


 
{N0665862.1} 
6 
 
Staff and services 
 
Nashville Farmers' Market management: Market management is responsible for administering and 
enforcing all Market rules, policies and procedures, as well as ensuring public safety, assigning booths, 
administering SNAP incentive programs and distribution, hosting market kitchen demonstrations and 
managing market events and festivals. Market management is instructed to handle and resolve any issues 
that may arise during a market day, and all market staff members have authority to resolve issues in a civil 
and efficient manner. 
 
● 
Yolanda Manning, Farmers’ Market Program Manager: yolanda.manning@nashville.gov  
● 
Heather Hoch, Program Manager: heather.hoch@nashville.gov 
● 
Darrell Lane, Executive Director: darrell.lane@nashville.gov  
● 
Charles Kizer, Facilities Manager: charles.kizer@nashville.gov  
● 
David Griffin, Finance Manager: david.griffin@nashville.gov  
● 
Courtney Cotton, Marketing Manager: courtney.cotton@nashville.gov  
● 
David Hornbeck, Facilities Coordinator: david.hornbeck@nashville.gov 
 
Security: Security personnel are on market property to provide public safety and regulate after-hours 
entrance to the premises. Call 911 if there is a medical emergency. If you need to report a safety or security 
concern, please contact a member of the security team immediately at (629) 295-1606 or (629) 395 8058 
 
Although Nashville Farmers' Market has on-site security 24/7, securing individual property, including 
merchandise and cash, is the sole responsibility of each vendor. If you leave property on premises overnight, 
it is best practice to cover, rope off and otherwise obscure access to the items you've left, as our security 
team is tasked with overall market security and not that of individual booths. If you believe something has 
been stolen from your booth space, it is up to you to file a police report if you believe the theft warrants it. 
 
Janitorial services: Janitorial services are contracted to provide cleaning and sanitation of common areas, 
restrooms, waste receptacles and grounds. If there is a janitorial issue, please contact market management or 
security personnel to report the issue immediately via phone or Slack. 
• 
Dave Hornbeck: (615) 218 2802 
• 
Charles Kizer: (615) 840 4768 
 
Marketing and advertising: The Nashville Farmers' Market uses its marketing and advertising platforms to 
support the events and operations of the market. As independent businesses, vendors are expected to 
execute their own marketing and social media plans. Market management uses marketing funds to create 
ads, newsletters, social media content and more, at the discretion of market management. However, tagging 
the market's social media accounts and informing the market’s marketing manager of special deals, events 
and products that vendors may have can increase inclusion in market-related media.  
 
Market communication: Market management communicates with vendors through regular newsletters called 
the 411. These newsletters are used to inform vendors of upcoming events, promotional opportunities, 
scheduled meetings, and policy updates/reminders. Vendors are responsible for reviewing these newsletters 
to stay informed regarding market happenings. Market management also communicates day-to-day updates 
and information via an app called Slack. During onboarding, all vendors must submit their preferred cell 
phone number (including employees/staff phone numbers) to market management to receive a Slack 
invitation to sign up for updates. 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: BCC3FB70-203A-4845-B3C2-8391F865D6DB
ARCHIVE


 
{N0665862.1} 
7 
 
 
 
Payment and cancellations 
 
Advance payment: All vendors must have auto pay activated on their Marketspread accounts in order to 
vend. Visiting vendors will be auto charged at 6 a.m. the morning of their scheduled market day via 
Marketspread’s secure payment portal. For monthly fee structures, vendors will be auto charged at 6 a.m. on 
the 5th of each month. It is the vendor’s responsibility to remain in good standing. Declined credit payments 
will result in a $10 charge per occurrence. Any past due payments carried into a new month are subject to 
late fee charges ($50 / month) and can result in suspension of vending privileges on repeated offense. Three 
occurrences in a 12-month period will result in disciplinary action up to suspension. Any past due payments 
carried into a new month are subject to late fee charges ($50 / month) and can result in suspension of 
vending privileges on repeated offense. 
 
Payment types: No cash payments will be accepted. Only farm shed membership vendors paying on a 
monthly schedule may pay in advance by check or money order. Those payments can be mailed or dropped 
off in person at the market’s business office during office hours or in the safe drop box outside the market’s 
business office door. Checks are only acceptable from vendor accounts in good standing. Returned / bounced 
checks are automatically sent to Metro Nashville Government’s collections department. 
 
Reservation cancellation, no-shows and refund requests: Upon market approval of the vendor’s dates, 
the vendor accepts responsibility for each approved date. Market dates may be amended or canceled by a 
written request to market management seven days in advance. Vendors are responsible for all rental fees for 
dates canceled in less than seven days. Requests for refunds or credits will not be provided unless 
accompanied by a written approval from market management. No-shows will forfeit booth fees and are 
subject to a no-show fee of $50 for each occurrence. Three no-show offenses and/or eight canceled dates in 
one year will result in season termination. Vendors are responsible for all unpaid or past due balances. 
 
Please contact the Finance Manager for payment information. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: BCC3FB70-203A-4845-B3C2-8391F865D6DB
ARCHIVE


 
{N0665862.1} 
8 
 
 
 
Vending at the market  
 
Hours of operation  
Peak season hours (March 1 - October 31): 9 a.m. - 2 p.m.  
Winter season hours (November 1 - February 28): 10 a.m. - 2 p.m.  
 
At minimum, vendors must set up and retail for all scheduled vending dates from 9 a.m. - 2 p.m. during peak 
season and 10 a.m. - 2 p.m. during winter season. Any vendor desiring to close before the end of the market 
day due to product availability must seek approval in advance from market management. Repeated, 
unapproved late arrival or early departure constitutes a policy violation.  
 
Set-up and break-down: A vendor may only load in merchandise and/or equipment before 9 a.m. and load 
out after 2 p.m. during each scheduled vending day and must immediately move any vehicle into designated 
parking areas after load in occurs. During promoted market days, barricades will be placed at the northern 
gate entrance at 9:30 a.m. to cut off vehicle traffic to the farm shed area via the park side roadway. 
Additionally, at 10 a.m., the southern exit will be barricaded off on the eastern side to vehicle traffic. 
 
Vendors or employees may seek special permission to load/unload a vehicle during restricted hours by calling 
security and providing all information required by the responding officer, such as vehicle type and loading time 
frame. Vehicles must be turned off while load in and out occurs, idling is not permitted on market premises.  
 
Vendors must stay within boundaries of their rented, assigned space(s). The placement of merchandise or 
other items in the aisles or anywhere outside the rented space(s) is prohibited. Blocking a roadway with 
merchandise, equipment or for loading / unloading purposes is strictly prohibited. Only farm shed membership 
vendors are permitted to store approved merchandising units on-site after vending hours. Changing booths 
from assigned placements without written approval from market management constitutes a policy violation. 
 
Before moving a vehicle inside the iron fence for load out, all merchandise and other items must be packed 
and ready to load. Nashville Farmers' Market or security staff may announce exceptions to vehicle 
loading/unloading requirements for inclement weather or emergencies.  
 
Sales reporting: Nashville Farmers' Market requires net sales reporting for all vendors.  All vendors must 
report monthly net sales in order to remain in good standing.  Marketspread will send vendors an email at the 
end of each scheduled vending day prompting them to submit net sales and transaction information for that 
day.  If a vendor is unable to access Marketspread on a regular basis, the vendor will need to contact the 
market’s Finance Manager or the Marketspread helpdesk at support@marketspread.com so they can be 
provided an alternative method for submitting sales data. Repeated withholding of sales information 
constitutes a policy violation. All sales should be reported for the previous month by the 15th of the next 
month. For example, if you are reporting sales for January, the deadline is February 15th.  
 
Parking: All vendors are required to park in designated, permitted areas when participating at the market. All 
vendors retailing Saturday and / or Sunday are required to park in the nearby state parking lots after load-in to 
ensure adequate parking availability for market customers (see map on the next page for lot locations) 
 
Parking in fire lanes, doorways or places not designated as parking or loading zones is always prohibited. 
Docusign Envelope ID: BCC3FB70-203A-4845-B3C2-8391F865D6DB
ARCHIVE


 
{N0665862.1} 
9 
 
Overnight parking is strictly prohibited. Market management will provide alternative parking instructions in any 
instance when designated areas are impacted by road or lot closures.  
 
Vendors who are permitted to leave trailers on-site to aid in vending operations during the day must have 
written approval from market management and must unhitch any vehicle attached to the trailer and park it in a 
designated parking area. All other fence-line parking permits are limited to those who qualify as disabled 
under 42 U.S.C.A. § 12102 and Tenn. Code Ann. § 4-21-102. Further documentation—including, but not 
limited to, state-issued handicap placards and medical records—may be required upon application for such 
an accommodation. 
 
 
 
Vendors who violate Nashville Farmers' Market's parking policies may be towed at the owner’s expense.  
 
Booth set-up: All booths must have space to assist customers within the 10' x 20' rented area and be 
wheelchair friendly. Aisles should remain clear to allow for the flow of traffic. Be sure to allow for customer 
service within the bounds of your space in the following ways:  
 
● 
U-shaped booths or other booth layouts that allow customers to walk into a booth and pay outside 
of the aisleway can be aligned to the edge of the aisle.  
● 
For tables/counters that go straight across the width of a booth, tables must be pushed back from 
the aisle at least two feet to ensure customers can stand within your rented area while you assist 
them. A 2-foot line is marked in yellow on each booth space. 
Docusign Envelope ID: BCC3FB70-203A-4845-B3C2-8391F865D6DB
ARCHIVE


 
{N0665862.1} 
10 
 
 
 
 
Booth height: Any merchandising units taller than 4 feet must remain 10 feet back in your booth to allow for 
a clear line of sight for your neighboring vendors. If you can't see your neighbor's booth, your setup needs to 
be readjusted. Line of sight requirements are made at the discretion of market management, and any 
equipment found to obstruct views around the shed must be reoriented or removed per market management 
request. A 10-foot line is marked in red on each booth space and every column has a green marker to 
indicate 4 feet high. 
 
Merchandising: Vendors should maintain professional merchandising by using tablecloths, properly 
disposing of waste, displaying prices and ensuring that their merchandise and decorations are secure (will not 
blow away, etc.). Vendors are encouraged to utilize market best practices when designing their retail booth, 
including: 
 
● 
If you have an established customer base and need more space, consider renting a corner space, 
adding a stall and/or setting up in a U-shape to maximize merchandising area. 
● 
Use as much table frontage as you can. 
● 
If you plan to sample, utilize the center of your table for this purpose. 
● 
Keep your displays full and always utilize the “pile-it-high” method: the fuller your display, the more 
you sell. 
● 
Tilt or tier your produce, boxes and baskets to create levels and a tumbling effect. 
● 
Use elevated bushel baskets, crates, etc. for easy access and handling. 
● 
Conceal storage under tables. 
● 
Restock after the morning rush and keep your tables balanced, neat and full. 
● 
Consider how to draw attention using color contrast with decor, linens and products. 
● 
Display at a convenient height - never on the ground or above eye level. 
● 
Review your product signage frequently to ensure that it is easy to read and appealing. 
● 
Show off your farm, kitchen, studio, workshop, etc. with photos on your signs, in a display book or on 
your promotional materials. 
● 
Give your customers reasons to buy more products using sales and promotions, recipes, added-value 
items, etc. 
 
Signage: Vendors are required to display signage of their company name and location in their booth. Pricing 
must be listed by type/weight (price sheet, signs or priced on item) throughout each day. Additionally, vendors 
supplementing merchandise must provide signage with the farm/business name and location of the 
supplemented products. Vendors are not allowed to tape or wrap signs to the columns in the sheds. A-frame 
signs must be contained within the rented booth space. Signage must be wind-resistant and appropriate for 
an outdoor marketplace (no poster board or loose paper). Only farm shed membership vendors with signed 
agreements may hang signage from the market's building fixtures. Vendors may use TVs to display menus 
and other marketing elements. TVs can be no larger than 24” and must be muted.  
 
Customer service: Vendors are required to provide excellent customer service to all customers when 
retailing at the market. Be ready on time; greet each customer (learn names when possible); be respectful, 
knowledgeable and positive when interacting with customers; acknowledge waiting customers; and be aware 
of how long they are waiting to be checked out (add staff to your booth to speed up customer service if 
necessary). Engage customers with added-value products, recipes and samples. 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: BCC3FB70-203A-4845-B3C2-8391F865D6DB
ARCHIVE


 
{N0665862.1} 
11 
 
Sampling: Vendors are permitted to serve product samples to visitors in single servings that can easily be 
grabbed individually. All food samples must be kept at proper food safety temperatures and abide by all 
regular Metro Nashville Health Department guidelines. 
 
 
Music: The farm shed has a PA system that may play music throughout the day. Accordingly, music is not 
permitted to be played by vendors in the farm shed booth spaces. In the event that the Farmers’ Market is not 
playing music over the farm shed PA system, vendors may play music in their booth, so long as the volume is 
adjusted to a level where the music cannot be heard more than one booth away.  Vendors may not play their 
own music during Nashville Farmers’ Market-scheduled live performances. Vendors may not hire live music 
without the prior approval of management.   
Cameras: Although vendors are generally responsible for the security of their stations, the Nashville Farmers’ 
Market has security cameras placed throughout the farm sheds to monitor the property as a whole. If a 
vendor or patron requests to capture video in response to a crime and the request is timely brought to market 
management’s attention, it will review relevant footage and release the footage to law enforcement at the 
discretion of market management. Vendors may place cameras within their rented booth area only with 
written permission from market management after reviewing your camera placement and sample footage. 
Vendors are not permitted to place cameras on market columns or other market fixtures. Vendors may only 
record footage within their booth and may not record other booths or vendors. Vendors cannot leave cameras 
on once scheduled vending hours have ended. Violation of any of these policies will result in immediate 
removal of cameras and can result in suspension of vending season. 
 
Tents and shades: Vendors may use a 10’ x 10’ solid-colored tent with one back wall in the back space of 
their booth during the vending season (March - February). Tents must be in good condition, have straight legs 
and only advertise individual vendor logos (no other logos are allowed). Tents must be weighted with 10 lbs. 
on each leg. Since tent weights must be attached to each leg, concrete blocks are not acceptable. Tents must 
be taken down and taken off site at the end of each day. Tents cannot be left overnight even if you are 
booked for consecutive days. Tarps utilized as tents or tent walls are strictly prohibited. 
 
Nashville Farmers' Market's management has approved one style of retractable sun shade for vendor use 
during summer months to help mitigate some of the more intense morning/afternoon rays. Vendors will be 
responsible for purchasing, installing and maintaining their own sunshades. Please note: if you are not a farm 
shed membership vendor with a designated and leased space for the season, your booth placement may 
change from week to week, which should be considered before purchasing and installing any equipment that 
you may need to move. Large, patio-style umbrellas are permitted for peak season use as well, if umbrellas 
comply with booth height guidelines. 
 
Market property: No signs, banners, nails, screws or advertising material may be placed on any market 
building, walls, or doors without written approval from market management. Hanging or attaching anything to 
gutters and downspouts of the buildings or sheds is prohibited. Hanging or attaching anything to the rafters in 
sheds is prohibited unless the vendor has received written approval from market management.  
 
Electricity: Electrical outlet use is permitted and included in booth rental fees. Vendors using the market's 
electrical outlets must comply with all the following requirements: 
 
● Only one heavy-duty, weatherproof-outdoor, undamaged UL-listed extension cord may be used per 
electrical outlet.  
● Extension cords, power strips and surge protectors must be provided by the vendor and must be 
Docusign Envelope ID: BCC3FB70-203A-4845-B3C2-8391F865D6DB
ARCHIVE


 
{N0665862.1} 
12 
 
secured in a manner that does not create a public safety hazard. Cords must be secured on the 
ground with duct tape from the power strip to the electrical outlet.   
● Cords and power strips may NOT be placed in walkways. 
● Outlets are 110 volts and 20 amps. 
● All vendors planning to utilize the electrical outlets must obtain prior approval from management and 
facilities to do so. 
 
 
Coolers / freezers: Vendors are limited to a maximum of 40 cubic feet of cooling or freezing equipment per 
booth. All coolers and freezer must adhere to regular electrical policies. Merchandise stored within coolers 
and freezers are the sole responsibility of the vendor. A battery backup system or device is suggested to alert 
farm shed membership vendors of the cooling system to ensure their products are secure and cooling / 
freezingly properly. Nashville Farmers' Market is not liable for product loss associated with any merchandise 
storage. Use of market-maintained or vendor-maintained walk-in coolers or freezers come with additional use 
policies and fees. Walk-in installation and/or usage is only allowed with written permission from market 
management and fee payment due on signing of cooler agreement. 
 
Heaters: Vendors are permitted to use personal heaters subject to all regular electrical policies. Fire safety 
regulations require that vendors maintain a minimum 3 feet of clearance around heaters. Heater fuel must be 
stored safely away from the heater. Heaters with open flames are not permitted. Heaters using fuel must have 
adequate ventilation. Only heaters of the following types are permitted:  
 
 
 
Garbage / refuse: The Nashville Farmers' Market offers recycling, compost and landfill waste collection at the 
on-premises waste center. All recycling, compost and garbage must be removed from rented space to the 
appropriate bin at the end of each day. To keep the Market area clean and presentable for customers, 
vendors must break down boxes, store trash in an orderly manner and bring any excessive refuse to the 
Docusign Envelope ID: BCC3FB70-203A-4845-B3C2-8391F865D6DB
ARCHIVE


 
{N0665862.1} 
13 
 
waste center as needed.  
 
After-hours entry: Only authorized persons will be permitted to enter after hours. For after-hours entry to the 
premises, individuals must contact the market's security team for approval. 
 
Supplementing products: Only farm shed membership vendors are permitted to supplement their own 
products with an approved vendor’s products. See the farm shed membership agreement for policies on 
supplementing.  
 
Plagiarism: Plagiarism and copying other vendors are not permitted at NFM. Management will not get 
involved in specifics and this will be a matter between vendors to handle any legal matters. 
 
Subleasing and operating booths: Subleasing or sharing rented space is prohibited. Booth spaces must be 
occupied by the owner and/or employees during operating hours. Vendors are not allowed to share 
employees or operate more than one business on the same vending day.  
 
 
Prohibited items: Selling or displaying any of the following is strictly prohibited: 
 
● Items that violate federal, state, or local laws; 
● Stolen or counterfeit items; 
● Medications of any type; 
● Live animals; 
● Weapons (anything manifestly designed, made or adapted for the purpose of inflicting death or 
serious bodily injury, or anything that in the manner of its intended use is capable of causing death or 
serious bodily injury); 
● Items, including signage and literature, that, at the sole determination of market management, are 
obscene or otherwise condone or display nudity, racism, sexism, etc., in violation of the harassment-
free workplace policy on page 14. 
 
Alcoholic beverages and other controlled substances: At all times and in all instances, the sale and 
consumption of alcoholic beverages at the market shall be in accordance with the approval and regulations of 
all state and local government regulatory agencies charged with the oversight thereof. Additionally, no 
alcoholic beverages shall be kept, bought, or sold in any rental space or other market location except 
pursuant to a current lease or as may be approved for an event. Consumption of alcoholic beverages is 
prohibited by any vendor or vendor’s staff during scheduled time of employment. Nashville Farmers' Market's 
approval relating to alcoholic beverages shall not indicate or otherwise imply regulatory approval or 
compliance, which is not within Nashville Farmers' Market's purview. No illegal substances shall be 
consumed, kept, bought, or sold in any rental space or other Nashville Farmers' Market's location. 
 
Smoking and vaping: Smoking and vaping are prohibited on market grounds (inside the iron gates, patio 
areas, garden center, farm sheds and inside the market house). 
 
Pets: Leashed pets and service animals are permitted inside the iron fence, in and between the sheds and 
within patio areas. Only licensed service animals are allowed inside the market house. Vendors are not 
permitted to bring domestic pets to the market during vending hours, unless it is a licensed service or therapy 
animal, or if otherwise approved by management due as aligning with the vendor’s business and offerings. 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: BCC3FB70-203A-4845-B3C2-8391F865D6DB
ARCHIVE


 
{N0665862.1} 
14 
 
Soliciting: Soliciting is prohibited without written authorization from market management. This includes, but is 
not limited to, ambush marketing and petitioners. Individuals and organizations are not permitted to solicit 
outside of or without an assigned booth space. 
 
Inclement weather policy: The Nashville Farmers' Market is open rain or shine. Market management will 
make decisions to alter market operations and hours based on weather reports and on-site market conditions. 
It is the authority of market management staff to close the market early, open the market late or cancel a 
market day due to severe or inclement weather.  
 
During inclement weather events, it is up to the individual vendors to weigh factors and make a decision about 
whether or not to attend the market that day. Absences due to severe or hazardous weather (not just rain) will 
not count against market attendance records. Refunds and credits will not be provided for inclement weather 
closure except with written approval from market management. 
 
 
 
Rules of conduct 
 
Vendor conduct: Nashville Farmers' Market management expects all vendors and their staff to conduct 
themselves in a manner that contributes to a positive shopping experience for our customers. This includes 
but is not limited to: not idling your engine, refraining from smoking, properly securing your tent / canopy / 
umbrella, rule compliance and customer service. Your staff should be well-versed in the products they are 
selling and provide positive customer service to ensure a pleasant shopping experience.  
 
We ask that vendors not leave their booths unattended during market hours. If you are working alone and 
need a break, please ask a neighbor, staff member or security personnel to fill in for you. Children must stay 
within their parent / guardian’s rented booth area and not disrupt neighboring vendors, unless under direct 
supervision by their parent/guardian. However, it is best practice to not bring children to vending days so you 
can focus on customer engagement. Courtesy and respect are essential to the success of the Market and its 
vendors.  
 
Nashville Farmers' Market management expects vendors and their employees / staff to be honest and to 
conduct themselves in a courteous and friendly manner with other market participants, staff, service providers 
and shoppers. Inappropriate conduct or language toward other vendors, customers, or management - 
whether in person or by electronic media - will not be tolerated and may be grounds for immediate termination 
and dismissal from the market. If you have any concerns about neighboring vendors, please bring these 
concerns to management for resolution right away.   
 
 
Harassment-free workplace: The following is applicable to all vendors and their staff, market staff, service 
providers and board members. Anyone who experiences harassment is encouraged to report the incident to 
market management. Any vendor found to be violating this policy is subject to penalties, including possible 
suspension or expulsion from the market.  
 
Nashville Farmers' Market is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect 
and dignity. Everyone has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment 
opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices including harassment. Therefore, the market 
expects that all relationships among persons in the office and markets will be businesslike and free of bias, 
Docusign Envelope ID: BCC3FB70-203A-4845-B3C2-8391F865D6DB
ARCHIVE


 
{N0665862.1} 
15 
 
prejudice and harassment. It is the policy of the Nashville Farmers' Market to ensure equal employment 
opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual 
orientation, gender identity, national origin, immigration status, age, disability, genetic information, marital 
status, amnesty or status as a covered veteran. Nashville Farmers' Market prohibits any such discrimination 
or harassment. Please refer to the appendix on page 17 for a full definition of harassment. 
 
Grievance policy: If a vendor has a grievance regarding the market, its staff or any member of the vending 
community, it must be submitted in writing to market management within 48 hours of the occurrence so the 
claim can be properly investigated. If the grievance is related to market management in particular, please 
direct your written statement to the market's board chair within 48 hours of the occurrence. Nashville Farmers' 
Market prohibits retaliation against any individual reporting or participating in an investigation. Nashville 
Farmers' Market seeks to foster a safe and inclusive environment for all, and grievance claims will be pursued 
with the utmost concern and promptness to insure resolution.   
 
Please contact the market’s Executive Director if you have experienced a violation of any of these 
rules. 
 
 
Programs 
 
The Nashville Farmers’ Market offers a variety of programs, which qualifying vendors are encouraged to take 
advantage of: 
 
Off-site markets: Nashville Farmers' Market sponsors and administers special farmers’ markets to augment 
peak-season demands in the area, including the Vanderbilt Farmers’ Market. To apply for an off-site 
market, follow the same application process on Marketspread, but select the unique market where you want 
to vend. 
 
New farmers: Farmers operating under the defined “farmer” designation in the appendix that have been 
growing five years or less can qualify for a 50% discounted booth rental fee for their first market vending 
season. Additional support with acquiring permits/licenses, marketing/merchandising and other Market-related 
activities will be provided, in addition to inclusion on communications for training and funding opportunities 
though the USDA, TDA and other organizations. 
 
Fresh Bucks: All farm vendors can participate in the Nashville Farmers' Market's SNAP incentive program 
called Fresh Bucks. All farm vendors that have farm shed memberships are required to be a part of the 
Fresh Bucks program. The program offers EBT customers an opportunity to double their food incentive 
dollars by exchanging qualifying EBT receipts for wooden tokens. Vendors participating in the SNAP incentive 
program must submit their annual agreement, be approved to accept EBT through the USDA and submit 
tokens for reimbursement each month. Farmers seeking to occupy two or more booth spaces are required to 
accept EBT and participate in the Fresh Bucks program. 
 
Value-added commissary facility: The Nashville Farmers' Market has established a rentable production 
facility on the south end of the market house called the Grow Local Commissary. This facility will provide 
farmers and artisans with kitchen space and equipment needed for producing value-added products to limit 
food waste. It will include access to vegetable-washing spaces, ovens, a blast chiller, a tilt skillet, a steam 
kettle and more. The commissary is a scheduled facility. If you are interested in renting space at the 
commissary, contact the market’s Program Manager. 
Docusign Envelope ID: BCC3FB70-203A-4845-B3C2-8391F865D6DB
ARCHIVE


 
{N0665862.1} 
16 
 
 
Events: The Nashville Farmers' Market hosts many events annually, including weekend festivals and other 
promotional events. These events provide vendors with an opportunity to reach a large audience and market 
seasonal goods. Vendors can also sponsor music, activities and more for our festivals in exchange for special 
promotion in conjunction with the event. The 2025 festival schedule is as follows: 
 
• 
Saturday, May 10 - Strawberry Jubilee 
• 
Saturday, June 14 - Summer Fest 
• 
Saturday, August 16 - Watermelon Fest 
• 
Saturday, September 27 - Fall Ball, Y'all 
• 
Saturday, November 1 - Turnip Green Festival 
• 
Saturday, December 6 - Shop Local Holiday Market with Santa 
 
 
Please contact the Farmers’ Market Program Manager for information regarding these programs. 
 
Agreement and penalties 
 
By submitting an application to vend at the Nashville Farmers’ Market, vendors agree that they have read the 
Nashville Farmers’ Market Vendor Handbook and agree to adhere to all policies outlined in the document. 
 
Violations and penalties: Violations or failure to comply with any Nashville Farmers' Market's rules and 
policies will generally result in the following disciplinary action: 
 
● 
First offense: A verbal warning with documentation of the policy offense. 
● 
Second offense: A written warning and a $50 policy violation fee. 
● 
Third offense: Suspension of vending or farm shed membership for a period of time designated 
by market management. 
● 
Fourth offense: Termination of remaining season with immediate removal of all equipment and 
merchandise from premises. 
 
Penalties may vary depending on the severity of the offense, and market staff may apply such  
penalties at its discretion. All violations of market rules, policies or directives constitute a breach of  
license to operate at the market. Extreme violations can result in the permanent loss of any or all  
market privileges and contract termination, as well as associated charges, fees, and damages. 
 
Amending policies: Nashville Farmers' Market's policies may be altered, amended, or replaced by a majority 
vote of the market’s board at any regular or special meeting. Proposed changes to market rules and policies 
must be filed with the board chair in writing at least seven days before the meeting during which it is to be 
considered and before the notice of such meeting has been provided to the members. 
  
Indemnity agreement: In consideration of the Nashville Farmers’ Market granting a license to rent, occupy, 
and do business from assigned space at the market, each approved vendor shall indemnify and hold 
harmless the Nashville Farmers’ Market from and against any and all claims, demands, actions, losses, 
obligations, costs, charges, expenses, judgments, damages, and liabilities whatsoever (including, without 
limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of attorneys, expert witnesses, and other consultants), which 
Nashville Farmers’ Market may sustain, suffer, or incur by reason of, in connection with, or arising out of the 
Docusign Envelope ID: BCC3FB70-203A-4845-B3C2-8391F865D6DB
ARCHIVE


 
{N0665862.1} 
17 
 
activities or use of Nashville Farmers’ Market facilities by each vendor or by its employees, family, agents, 
contractors, or invitees, and shall therefore assume any and all responsibility and liability. Each vendor 
understands that it is responsible for its own general and product liability insurance.  
 
In the event that a vendor fails to indemnify and hold harmless as herein agreed, the Nashville Farmers’ 
Market shall have full rights to defend, pay or settle said claim on its behalf without notice to that vendor and 
with full rights to recourse against that vendor for all fees, costs, expenses, and payments made or agreed to 
be paid to discharge said claim. In the event of default, such vendor further agrees to pay all reasonable legal 
fees and expenses necessary to enforce this agreement. This agreement shall be unlimited as to amount and 
duration. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Appendix 
 
Definitions of vendor types: 
 
Farmers: An individual who makes or intends to make a substantial portion of their income from producing 
permitted farm products and who must demonstrate ownership or leasehold rights to the land being farmed 
during the entire growing season or must have use rights pursuant to the government-sponsored or nonprofit 
training program whose purpose is to aid farmers and their endeavors. The farmer vendor designation may 
include family members and may consist of a corporation, partnership or collective, provided that the person 
holding the largest number of shares in the corporation meets all farmer standards. The farmer must possess 
all required permits and/or licenses and must submit a completed application specifying the permitted and 
supplemental farm products the applicant wishes to sell at the market. The market’s executive director or a 
Nashville Farmers' Market designee will perform a farm inspection to determine if the farmer is involved in 
production of permitted farm products as listed on the application. The Nashville Farmers' Market reserves 
the right to re-inspect any farm at any time to ensure that all products sold may be approved for that farmer. 
Farmers may supplement up to an average of 25% of annual products retailed at the market with products 
from another approved vendor. Farmers must provide contact information as well as any relevant permits and 
licenses for supplemental products. Any farmer supplementing products must label supplemented goods with 
the location it was produced in addition to regular pricing signage requirements. 
 
Farmer / dealers: Any vendor retailing more than 10% of products from another farm will be classified as a 
farmer/dealer and must adhere to the standards below. A farmer/dealer is a group of up to eight farmers who 
meet all regular farmer requirements but wish to cooperatively market farm products with other farmers. 
Collective applications are not designed to provide one farmer a means of wholesaling products of different 
farms at the market. Up to eight farmers may apply as a farmer/dealer for the purpose of selling permitted and 
supplemental farm products at the market. The farmer/dealer may include family members and may consist of 
a corporation, partnership or collective, provided that the person holding the largest number of shares in the 
corporation meets all regular farmer standards. Any farmer named on a farmer/dealer application may 
represent any or all of the holders of that group at the market. The farmer/dealer must possess all required 
permits and licenses and submit a completed application specifying the permitted and supplemental farm 
products the applicant wishes to sell at the market. The Executive Director or a Nashville Farmers' Market 
Docusign Envelope ID: BCC3FB70-203A-4845-B3C2-8391F865D6DB
ARCHIVE


 
{N0665862.1} 
18 
 
designee will perform a farm inspection to determine if the farmer/dealer is involved in production of permitted 
farm products as listed on the application. Farmers or farm dealers are not permitted to purchase produce to 
sell at the Nashville Farmers' Market from a public warehouse or at an auction unless otherwise approved in 
writing by market management. Produce that is currently in season and locally grown will not be allowed to be 
purchased from a public warehouse or auction and sold at the Nashville Farmers' Market.  
Specialty / food artisan: A person who prepares and produces a high-quality, distinctive food and / or 
beverage product in small quantities, usually by hand or by using traditional methods in accordance with the 
definition of and standards for permitted merchandise. The artisan must possess all required permits and 
licenses, submit a completed application and document the location of the kitchen where the applicant(s) will 
be producing, packaging, and labeling the permitted products. (Unless operating under relevant Cottage Food 
Law provisions) Permitted merchandise includes: baked goods (breads, pastries, cobblers, etc.); cheese and 
related dairy products; confectionary products; brewed and/or fermented products; beverages (lemonade, 
juice, etc.); dog and cat treats; jams and jellies; salsa, sauces, and other condiments; herbs, spices and oil 
blends; tea, coffee, cocoa and other bottled or dry packed beverages; and other packaged and prepared 
foods upon review and approval by the Executive Director. Consideration will be prioritized for applicants who 
exhibit originality, skill, mastery, talent or great potential to make exceptional products. 
 
Craft vendor: A person who designs and produces individually handcrafted items in accordance with the 
definition of and standards for permitted merchandise. The craftsperson must possess all required permits 
and licenses and submit an application demonstrating the location of the studio or workshop where the 
applicant(s) will be producing the permitted products. Permitted merchandise must be a handmade article or 
item that resulted from combining a variety of materials, creative energy and skill, including: bath and body 
products; candles and wax products; glass, pottery and ceramics; handmade clothing and other fabrics; 
leather, yarn, or woven articles; pre-made fabric with hand-painted, airbrushed, tie-dyed or appliquéd surface 
design; original print production/reproduction; handmade stationary and paper products; jewelry and beading; 
metalwork and woodcraft; painting, sculpture or other original artwork; photography with or without handmade 
presentation; found, recycled and pre-existing objects as elements of products; hands-on experiences (face 
painting, design/art studio, weaving, etc.); or other crafted products upon review and approval by the 
executive director. Consideration will be prioritized for applicants who exhibit originality, skill, mastery, talent 
or great potential to make exceptional products. 
 
Flea vendor: A person who retails vintage, international or flea market items in accordance with the definition 
of and standards for permitted merchandise. The flea vendor must possess all required permits and licenses 
and complete and submit an application demonstrating the product(s) they wish to retail. Permitted 
merchandise includes: international artisan goods (including labeled, prepared and packaged food and 
beverage); international or vintage goods and textiles (original art, collectibles, jewelry, baskets, handcrafted 
and imported items, woven rugs, linens, new and secondhand clothing); woodwork; metalwork; woven and 
handcrafted goods; musical instruments, vinyl records and memorabilia; and perfume, oils and incense if 
properly packaged. Prohibited merchandise includes: beauty, personal care or cleaning products; CDs / 
DVDs; electronic equipment or accessories; used household or baby gear products; knock-off, stolen, 
recalled or counterfeit goods; firearms, gunpowder, fireworks or explosives; tobacco and vapor products; 
commercial services and sales (insurance, travel, etc.); and bottled beverages, snacks or concessions. 
Consideration will be prioritized for applicants who exhibit originality and showcase exceptional products. 
 
Food truck vendor: An individual cooking and selling food and/or beverages on a vehicle or cart. Some, 
including ice cream trucks, sell frozen or prepackaged food; others have on-board kitchens and prepare food 
from scratch. The market offers limited availability for food trucks and street food carts to participate at the 
market. A food truck or cart must possess all required permits and or licenses, submit a vendor application 
Docusign Envelope ID: BCC3FB70-203A-4845-B3C2-8391F865D6DB
ARCHIVE


 
{N0665862.1} 
19 
 
specifying the menu and products that the applicant wishes to sell at the market. 
 
Definitions of harassment: 
 
Sexual harassment constitutes discrimination and is illegal under federal, state and local laws. For the 
purposes of this policy, sexual harassment is defined, as in the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission 
Guidelines, as unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors and other verbal or physical conduct 
of a sexual nature when, for example: 
 
A) Submission to such conduct is made either explicitly or implicitly a term or condition of an individual's 
employment 
B) Submission to or rejection of such conduct by an individual is used as the basis for employment 
decisions affecting such individuals 
C) Such conduct has the purpose or effect of unreasonably interfering with an individual's work 
performance or creating an intimidating, hostile or offensive working environment 
 
Sexual harassment may include a range of subtle and not-so-subtle behaviors and may involve individuals of 
the same or different genders. Depending on the circumstances, these behaviors may include unwanted 
sexual advances or requests for sexual favors; sexual jokes and innuendo; verbal abuse of a sexual nature; 
commentary about an individual's body, sexual prowess or sexual deficiencies; leering, whistling or touching; 
insulting or obscene comments or gestures; display in the workplace of sexually suggestive objects or 
pictures; and other physical, verbal or visual conduct of a sexual nature. 
  
Harassment on the basis of any other protected characteristic is also strictly prohibited. Under this policy, 
harassment is verbal, written or physical conduct that denigrates or shows hostility or aversion toward an 
individual because of their race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, immigration status 
or citizenship, age, disability, marital status, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic 
protected by law or that of their relatives, friends or associates, and that: a) has the purpose or effect of 
creating an intimidating, hostile or offensive work environment; b) has the purpose or effect of unreasonably 
interfering with an individual's work performance; or c) otherwise adversely affects an individual's employment 
opportunities.  
 
Harassing conduct includes epithets, slurs or negative stereotyping; threatening, intimidating or hostile acts; 
denigrating jokes; and written or graphic material that denigrates or shows hostility or aversion toward an 
individual or group and that is placed on walls or elsewhere on the employer's premises or circulated in the 
workplace, on company time or using company equipment via email, phone (including voice messages), text 
messages, tweets, blogs, social networking sites or other means.  
 
These policies apply to all applicants’ employees and off-site markets where Nashville Farmers' Market 
operates, whether related to conduct engaged in by fellow employees or someone not directly connected to 
the market (e.g., an outside vendor, consultant or customer). Conduct prohibited by these policies is 
unacceptable in the workplace and in any work-related setting outside the workplace, such as during business 
trips, business meetings and business-related social events. 
Docusign Envelope ID: BCC3FB70-203A-4845-B3C2-8391F865D6DB
ARCHIVE
