^ 
- Sfoav
Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Tennessee Coalition to End Domestic and Sexual Violence Contract
#
 September 14, 2018
GRANT CONTRACT
BETWEEN THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY AND
TENNEESSEE COALITION TO END DOMESTIC AND SEXUAL VIOLENCE
This Grant Contract issued and entered into pursuant to RS2018-1330 by and between the Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County, a municipal corporation of the State of Tennessee
hereinafter referred to as "Metro", and Tennessee Coalition to End Domestio and Sexual Violence
hereinafter referred to as the "Recipient," is for the provision of, as further defined in the "SCOPE OF
PROGRAM."
A. 
SCOPE OF PROGRAM:
A.1. 
SCOPE OF PROGRAM:
A.1. 
The Recipient will use the funds for the following:
A.2. 
The Recipient must spend these funds consistent with their proposed use in the recipient's
funding application, hereinafter referred to as the Grant Spending Plan, attached and
incorporated herein as Attachment 1. The Recipient must collect data to evaluate the
effectiveness of their services and must provide those results to Metro upon request.
A.3. 
The Recipient will only utilize these funds for services the Recipient provides to documented
residents of Davidson County. Documentation of residency may be established with a recent
utility bill; voter's registration card; driver's license or other government issued-ID; current record
from a school showing address; affidavit by landlord; or affidavit by a nonprofit treatment, shelter,
half-way house, or homeless assistance entity located within Davidson County. Recipient agrees
that it will not use Metro funding for services to non-Davidson County residents.
A.4. 
Additionally, the Recipient must collect data on the primary county of residence of the clients it
serves and provide that data to Metro upon request.
B. 
GRANT CONTRACT TERM:
B.I. 
Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant shall be for a period of twelve (12) months,
commencing on August 8, 2018 and ending on June 30, 2019. Metro shall have no obligation
for services rendered by the Recipient which are not performed within this term.
C. 
PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
C.I. 
Maximum Liability. In no event shall the maximum liability of Metro under this Grant Contract
exceed fifty thousand dollars ($50,000.00). The Grant Spending Plan, attached and incorporated
herein as part of Attachment 1, shall constitute the maximum amount to be provided to the
Recipient by Metro for all of the Recipient's obligations hereunder. The Grant Spending Plan line
items inciude, but are not limited to, all applicable taxes, fees, overhead, and all other direct
program costs incurred or to be incurred by the Recipient during the contract term.
This amount shall constitute the Grant Amount and the entire compensation to be provided to the
Recipient by Metro.
C.2. 
Compensation Firm. The maximum liability of Metro is not subject to escalation for any reason.
The Grant Spending Plan amount is firm for the duration of the Grant Contract and is not subject
to escalation for any reason unless the grant contract is amended.
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Tennessee Coalition to End Domestic and Sexual Violence Contract
#
 Z 
- 
August 21, 2018
0.3. 
Payment Methodoioav. The Recipient shaii be compensated on a reimbursement basis for actuai
direct program costs based upon the Grant Spending Plan, not to exceed the maximum liability
established in Section 0.1.
Ail invoices shall be sent to Andrew Sullivan atAndrewOSullivan@jis.nashville.org. Said payment
shall not exceed the maximum liability of this Grant Oontract.
Documentation to serve as proof of delivered services of a kind and type as specified for the
Recipient by the Office of Family Safety personnel must accompany submission of invoices in
order to be eligible for payment. Generally, invoices for reimbursement will be accepted on a
quarterly basis, but the Office of Family Safety personnel will consider written requests for
monthly reimbursement and advise Recipient if approved. Final invoices for the contract period
must be received by July 15, 2019. Any invoice not received by the deadline date will not be
processed and all remaining grant funds will expire.
0.4. 
Annual Expenditure Report. The Recipient must submit a final grant Annual Expenditure Report.
to be received by the Office of Family Safety, within 45 days of the end of the Grant Contract.
Said report shaii be in form and substance acceptable to Metro and shall be prepared by a
Certified Public Accounting Firm or the Chief Financial Officer of the Recipient Organization.
C.5. 
Payment of invoice. The payment of any invoice by Metro shall not prejudice Metro's right to
object to the invoice or any matter in relation thereto. Such payment by Metro shall neither be
construed as acceptance of any part of the work or service provided nor as an approval of any of
the costs included therein.
C.6. 
Unallowable Costs. The Recipient's invoice shall be subject to reduction for amounts included in
any invoice or payment theretofore made which are determined by Metro, on the basis of audits
or monitoring conducted in accordance with the terms of this Grant Contract, to constitute
unallowable costs. Utilization of Metro funding for services to non-Davidson County residents is
unallowable.
C.7. 
Deductions. Metro reserves the right to adjust any amounts which are or shaii become due and
payable to the Recipient by Metro under this or any Contract.by deducting any amounts which are
or shall become due and payable to Metro by the Recipient under this or any Contract.
C.8. 
Travel Compensation. Payment to the Recipient for travel, meals, or lodging shall be subject to
amounts and limitations specified in Metro's Travel Regulations and subject to the Grant
Spending Plan.
C.9. 
Electronic Payment. Metro requires as a condition of this contract that the Recipient shaii
complete and sign Metro's form authorizing electronic payments to the Recipient. Recipients who
have not already submitted the form to Metro will have thirty (30) days to complete, sign, and
return the form. Thereafter, all payments to the Recipient, under this or any other contract the
Recipient has with Metro, must be made electronicaiiy.
D. 
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
D.1. 
Reouired Approvals. Metro is not bound by this Grant Contract until it is approved by the
appropriate Metro representatives as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.
D.2. 
Modification and Amendment. This Grant Contract may be modified only by a written amendment
that has been approved in accordance with all Metro procedures and by appropriate legislation of
the Metropolitan Council.
D.3. 
Termination for Cause. Should the Recipient fail to properly perform its obligations under this
Grant Contract or if the Recipient violates any terms of this Grant Contract, Metro shall have the
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Tennessee Coalition to End Domestic and Sexual Violence Contract
#
 L' 
August21, 2018
right to immediately terminate the Grant Contract and the Recipient shaii return to Metro any and
ail grant monies for services or programs under the grant not performed as of the termination
date. The Recipient shaii also return to Metro any and ail funds expended for purposes contrary
to the terms of the Grant. Such termination shall not relieve the Recipient of any liability to Metro
for damages sustained by virtue of any breach by the Recipient.
D.4. 
Subcontracting. The Recipient shaii not assign this Grant Contract or enter into a subcontract for
any of the services performed under this Grant Contract without obtaining the prior written
approval of Metro. Notwithstanding any use of approved subcontractors, the Recipient shaii be
considered the prime Recipient and shall be responsible for ail work performed.
D.5. 
Conflicts of interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount shaii be paid
directly or indirectly to an employee or official of Metro as wages, compensation, or gifts in
exchange for acting as an officer, agent, employee, subcontractor, or consultant to the Recipient
in connection with any work contemplated or performed relative to this Grant Contract.
D.6. 
Nondiscrimination. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person shaii be
excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination
in the performance of this Grant Contract of in the employment practices of the Recipient on the
grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other classification
which is in violation of applicable laws. The Recipient shall, upon request, show proof of such
nondiscrimination and shaii post in conspicuous places, available to ail employees and
applicants, notices of nondiscrimination.
D.7. 
Records. The Recipient shaii maintain documentation for ail charges to Metro under this Grant
Contract. The books, records, and documents of the Recipient, insofar as they relate to work
performed or money received under this Grant Contract, shaii be maintained for a period of three
(3) full years from the date of the final payment or until the Recipient engages a licensed
independent public accountant to perform an audit of its activities. The books, records, and
documents of the Recipient insofar as they relate to work performed or money received under this
Grant Contract shall be subject to audit at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by
Metro or its duly appointed representatives. Records shall be maintained in accordance with the
standards outlined in the Metro Grants Manual. The financial statements shaii be prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
D.8. 
Monitoring. The Recipient's activities conducted and records maintained pursuant to this Grant
Contract shall be subject to monitoring and evaluation by the Office of Family Safety, the
Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability and/or Metro's duly appointed representatives.
The Recipient shaii make ail audit, accounting, or financial records, notes, and other documents
pertinent to this grant available for review by the Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability,
Internal Audit or Metro's representatives, upon request, during normal working hours.
D.9. 
Reporting. The Recipient must submit an Interim Program Report, to be received by the Office of
Family Safety by no later than February 22,2019, and a Final Program Report, to be received
by the Office of Family Safety within 45 [forty-five] days of the end of the Grant Contract. Said
reports shall detail the Recipient's progress on each of the core performance measures identified
in the grant solicitation and any program specific and/or outcome measure identified in the
Recipient's Grant Spending Plan as funded under this Grant Contract.
D.10. Strict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist in any one or more cases upon the strict
performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement shall not
be construed as a waiver or reiinquishment of any such term, covenant, condition, or provision.
No term or condition of this Grant Contract shaii be held to be waived, modified, or deleted except
by a written amendment by the appropriate parties as indicated on the signature page of this
Grant.
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Tennessee Coalition to End Domestic and Sexual Violence Contract
#
 L 
August 21, 2018
D.11. Insurance. The Recipient agrees to carry adequate public liability and other appropriate forms of
insurance, and to pay all applicable taxes incident to this Grant Contract.
D.12. Metro Liability. Metro shall have no liability except as specifically provided in this Grant Contract.
D. 13. Independent Contractor. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to create a
partnership or joint venture between the Recipient and Metro or to create the relationship of
principal and agent between or among the Recipient and Metro. The Recipient shall not hold
itself out in a manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph. Metro shall not become liable for
any representation, act, or omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph.
D. 14. Indemnification and Hold Harmless.
(a) Recipient shall Indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Metro, its officers, agents and
employees from any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees for injuries or damages
arising, in part or in whole, from the negligent or intentional acts or omissions of Recipient, its
officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or independent contractors, in connection
with the performance of the contract, and any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney
fees arising from any failure of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub
or independent contractors, to observe applicable laws. Including, but not limited to, labor laws
and minimum wage laws.
(b) Metro will not Indemnify, defend or hold harmless in any fashion the Recipient from any
claims, regardless of any language in any attachment or other document that the Recipient may
provide.
(c) Recipient shall pay Metro any expenses incurred as a result of Recipient's failure to fulfill any
obligation in a professional and timely manner under this Contract.
(d) Grantee's duties under this section shall survive the termination or expiration of the grant.
D.15. Force Maieure. The obligations of the parties to this Grant Contract are subject to prevention by
causes beyond the parties' control that could not be avoided by the exercise of due care
Including, but not limited to, acts of God, riots, wars, strikes, epidemics or any other similar cause.
D.I6. State. Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with all applicable federal,
state and local laws and regulations In the performance of this Grant Contract.
D.I 7. Governino Law and Venue. The validity, construction and effect of this Grant Contract and any
and all extensions and/or modifications thereof shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The venue for legal action concerning this
Grant Contract shall be in the courts of Davidson County, Tennessee.
D.18. Completeness. This Grant Contract is complete and contains the entire understanding between
the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein, including all the terms and conditions
of the parties' agreement. This Grant Contract supersedes any and all prior understandings,
representations, negotiations, and agreements between the parties relating hereto, whether
written or oral.
D.I9. Headings. Section headings are for reference purposes only and shall not be construed as part
of this Grant Contract.
D.20. Metro Interest in Eouioment. The Recipient shall take legal title to all equipment and to all motor
vehicles, hereinafter referred to as "equipment," purchased totally or in part with funds provided
under this Grant Contract, subject to Metro's equitable interest therein, to the extent of its pro rata
share, based upon Metro's contribution to the purchase price. "Equipment" shall be defined as
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Tennessee Coalition to End Domestic and Sexual Violence Contract
#
 L'j-OfJ- 
August 21, 2018
an article of nonexpendable, tangible, personal property having a useful life of more than one
year and an acquisition cost which equals or exceeds $5,000.00.
The Recipient agrees to be responsible for the accountability, maintenance, management, and
inventory of all property purchased totally or in part with funds provided under this Grant Contract.
Upon termination of the Grant Contract, where a further contractual relationship is not entered
into, or at anytime during the term of the Grant Contract, the Recipient shall request written
approval from Metro for any proposed disposition of equipment purchased with Grant funds. All
equipment shall be disposed of in such a manner as parties may agree as appropriate and in
accordance with any applicable federal, state or local laws or regulations.
D. 21. Assignment—Consent Reoulred. The provisions of this contract shall inure to the benefit of and
shall be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Except for
the rights of money due to Recipient under this contract, neither this contract nor any of the rights
and obligations of Recipient hereunder shall be assigned or transferred in whole or in part without
the prior written consent of Metro. Any such assignment or transfer shall not release Recipient
from its obligations hereunder. Notice of assignment of any rights to money due to Recipient
under this Contract must be sent to the attention of the Metro Department of Finance.
D.22. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or
agree to give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to
solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a gratuity or an offer of
employment in connection with any decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation,
preparations of any part of a program requirement or a purchase request, influencing the content
of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any
other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim
or controversy in any proceeding or application, request fpr ruling, determination, claim or
controversy or other particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or
subcontract or to any solicitation or proposal therefore. It shall be a breach of ethical standards
for any payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor
under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or a person associated
therewith, as an Inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach of the provisions of
this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of ethical standards which may
result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or suspension from participation in
Metropolitan Government contracts.
D.23. Communications and Contacts. All instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other
communications from the Recipient required or contemplated by this Grant Contract shall be in
writing and shall be made by facsimile transmission, or by first class mail, addressed to the
respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or address as set forth below or to such
other party, facsimile number, or address as may be hereafter specified by written notice.
Metro
For contract-related matters inquiries regarding invoices:
Andrew Sullivan (615) 862-5072
Diane Lance (615)880-3173
Recipient:
Sara Thomas
Legal Council
Tennessee Coalition and End Domestic and Sexual Violence
2 
International Plaza Drive, Suite 425
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Tennessee Coalition to End Domestic and Sexual Violence Contract
#
 L-WX 
August21, 2018
Nashville, IN 37217
D.24. Lobbving. The Recipient certifies, to the best of its knowledge and belief, that;
a. 
No federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid, by or on behalf of the
Recipient, to any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee
of any agency, a Member of Congress in connection with the awarding of any federal
contract, the making of any federal grant, the making of any federal loan, and entering
into of any cooperative agreement, and the extension, continuation, renewal,
amendment, or modification of any federal contract, grant, loan, or cooperative
agreement.
b. 
If any funds other than federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid to any
person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any agency, a
Member of Congress, an officer or,employee of Congress, or an employee of a Member
of Congress in connection with this grant, loan, or cooperative agreement, the Recipient
shall complete and submit Standard Form-LLL, "Disclosure Form to Report Lobbying," in
accordance with its instructions.
c. 
The Recipient shall require that the language of this certification be included in the award
documents for all sub-awards at all tiers (including sub-grants, subcontracts, and
contracts under grants, loans, and cooperative agreements) and that ail subcontractors of
federally appropriated funds shall certify and disclose accordingly.
Effective Date. This contract shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed first by the
Recipient and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Govemment and has been
filed in the office of the Metropolitan Clerk. When it has been so signed and filed, this contract shall
be effective as of the date first written above.
(THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK1
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Tennessee Coalition to End Domestic and Sexual Violence Contract
#
 August 21, 2018
THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT 
RECIPIENT: ~7P CO^h(M ^
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON 
UJaJJ 
\ 
A 
I
COUNTY: 
By^CWil^
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF
FUNDS:
Title:
Director of Financ
,
 / 
A 
Sworn to and subscri
())liAAI}J-^ 
Public, this^day
^
 ,201^
subscribed to before me a N
NOTARY
PUBLIC 
AO
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND
LEGALITY
Notary Public 
ft 
^
Metropoljtan Attorney
FILED IN THE OFFICE OF "HHE CLERK:
My Commfssion expires.
Metropolitan Clerk 
2 0
ARCHIVE


Comnriunity Partnership Fund: .Domestic Violence Grant Opportunity Proposal Form
Project Name:
Immigration Legal Clinic (hereinafter referred to as "ILC")
Contact Name
Kathy Walsh; Sara Thomas
Contact Organization , ,
Tennessee Coalition to End Domestic & Sexual Violence
Contact e-mail; phone
kwalsh(®.tncoalition.ora: sthomas(®tncoalition.ora: 615-386-9406
Funding.Requested:
$50,000
1. What is the primary goal of your project (e.g. crisis shelter, transitional housing, civil-legal
advocacy/representatibn or awareness)?
The primary goal of our project is to increase the safety of immigrant victims of domestic
violence, sexual assault, and trafficking in Davidson County by providing direct legal
representation including, but not limited to:
•
 Filing immigrant and non-immigrant petitions, including Violence Against Women Act (VAWA)
self-petitions;
• Applying for U-Visas (Victims of Crime Visas, which allow immigrant victims of violence to live
and work in the U.S.);
• Applying for T-Visas (Victims of Trafficking Visas, which allow victims of trafficking to live and
work in the U.S.);
• Representing clients in removal proceedings;
• Attending U.S. Citizenship and Immigrant Services (USCIS) immigration interviews;
• Referring victims with non-immigration cases to local attorneys; and
• Applying for work authorizations so that clients may work in the US.
2 List and describe the secondary goals that you will set in order to obtaih your primary goal.
Provide holistic services to our clients by collaborating with law enforcement, courts, and social
service organizations;
Enhance the capacity of the ILC to identify and serve high-risk clients by ensuring staff are
knowledgeable about the Jacquelyn Campbell Danger Assessment and the Danger Assessment
for Immigrant Women"';
Increase the safety of our clients by conducting a danger assessment and developing a safety
plan; and
Ensure the most vulnerable immigrant populations in Nashville know about our services by
providing outreach to culturally specific service organizations from diverse immigrant
communities.
3. List and describe specific activities that you will perform to accomplish each secondary goal. Assign a date
for achievement of each activity. 
. 
: ;
' 
The 26-item Danger Assessment for Immigrant Women (DA-I) predicts risk for severe violence and any re-assault
for immigrant women with significantly greater accuracy than the original Danger Assessment. (Messing et al.,
2013)
ARCHIVE


ACTIVITY
ACHIEVEMENT DATE
Participate in community meetings such as the Nashville Coalition
Against Domestic Violence and the Family Justice Center.
Monthly
Provide clients with information and referrals for wrap-around services
such as shelter, food, housing, and healthcare.
On-going
Require ILC staff to be trained on the Jacquelyn Campbell Danger
Assessment and the Danger Assessment for Immigrant Women.
First Quarter
Conduct outreach to culturally specific organizations serving diverse
immigrant communities.
On-going
Conduct a danger assessment on each client.
On-going
Assist clients in developing a safety plan.
On-going
4. List and describe each outcorhe that wilLbe achieved as a result of this project and how each outcome will be
measured for progress and/or success. 
. -/ ^
The goal of the project is to increase the safety of immigrant victims of domestic violence, sexual
assault, and trafficking in Davidson County by providing direct legal representation in their immigration
cases. The specific outcomes of the project for those served will be:
•
 24 of 28 (85%) clients receiving services from the ILC will report increased safety as a result of
the services.
•
 24 of 28 (85%) clients will report that they are satisfied with the way the attorney explained their
immigration matter and any available legal options.
•
 24 of 28 (85%) clients receiving services from the Clinic will report that the agency helped them
learn how to access benefits and community resources.
• # 
of high-risk clients identified.
• # 
of high-risk clients served.
• # 
of staff trained on the Danger Assessment.
The ILC will use a Client Satisfaction Survey (in English or Spanish) to gather data and track outcomes.
Each client will be surveyed at the conclusion of the case. The client will rate the extent to which the
services provided made the client safer, helped them learn how to access benefits and community
resources, and satisfied them with the way the attorney explained their immigration matter and any
available legal options.
_OROF 5. Explain how this project is achievable - 
how your organization has the necessary knowledge,
experience, resources and community partners for this project. Include description of simiiar project and or,
positions within your organization. Include how you have worked with Metro's Office of Family Safety.
The Coalition began providing legal advocacy and representation to Immigrant victims of domestic
violence, sexual assault, and trafficking in 2004. The Coalition is the.ONLY agency in Metro Davidson
County offering these services. In 2010, the ILC received Metro funding to increase our capacity to
serve immigrant victims in Nashville. Since that time, we have provided legal representation to more
than 300 immigrant victims living in Nashville.
The Coalition also receives funding from VOCA and the Tennessee Bar Foundation to support the
project.
ARCHIVE


he Coalition has worked with Metro in other contexts. In 2015, we collaborated with the Office of Family
Safety, Metro General Hospital, Metro Health Department, the Sexual Assault Center and others to
increase women's access to rape examinations in Nashville. The Coalition also led the effort in to
address Tennessee's rape kit backiog by successfully advocating for legislation clarifying the difference
between reporting and non-reporting kits, requiring all reporting kits be sent for testing within 60 days,
and requiring all law enforcement agencies in the state to adopt policies on sexual assault response.
After the legislation passed, we worked collaboratively with the Domestic Violence State Coordinating
Council to develop the Model Sexual Assault Policy and distributed it to all Tennessee law enforcement
agencies. Law enforcement was required to adopt the poiicy, or one comparable, by July 1 of 2016.
Two of our attorneys are participating in planning for the Family Justice Center. We have a mutual
referral system with Catholic Charities, Legal Aid, YWCA, Morning Star Sanctuary, Mary Parrish Center,
Jean Crowe Advocacy Center, Sexual Assault Center, and the Metro Police Department Domestic
Violence Division. Besides the referrals that they make to us, the Davidson County District Attorney's
Office and Metro Police Department also work with us to sign U Visa Certifications for victims, which are
necessary for the U Visa application.
6. Describe your team's experience and management plaii for the proposal.
Language barriers in particular have been noted as a primary reason many immigrant battered women
do not seek formal service assistance or support for abuse (Bauer et al, 2000.) Both our ILC legal
advocate and our ILC legal secretary are bilingual in Spanish and English. In addition, our staff is
trained on using Language Line for our non-Spanish speaking clientele. Our provision of language
services ensures easier access to legal services for our vulnerable immigrants.
Stephanie Henry, Managing Attorney, has over ten years of experience in immigration law. She
provides direct legal representation to clients, supervises the other ILC staff, and Is responsible for
ensuring project goals and objectives are met.
Stephanie Morris is a recent graduate of Belmont Law School. She provides direct legal representation
to victims. Stephanie previously worked as a volunteer with World Relief, JFON and Legal Aid.
Stephanie is licensed in Tennessee and is in the process of becoming a member of the American
Immigration Lawyer's Association.
Ana Garcia is our bilingual advocate, working for the ILC since 2016. Ms. Garcia is a naturalized United
States citizen; her perspective as an immigrant serves her well in her ability to empathize and advocate
for ILC clients. Ms. Garcia is also an active volunteer for Tennessee Immigrant & Refugee Rights
Coalition.
Beatriz Zamora joined the ILC this year as the ILC Legal Secretary. She is a dual citizen of Spain and
the United States and is bilingual.
Sara Thomas serves as the Coalition's Legal Counsel. Ms. Thomas Is a graduate of Notre Dame Law
school and has more than a decade of legal experience. She supervises the ILC Managing Attorney,
oversees the provision of legal services by the ILC, updates legal resources, and ensures the accuracy
of grant reporting and data collection.
ARCHIVE


Describe how you vyill mohitor the (iroject including the operations and budget, include the name and
piosition of the persons(s) with monitoring responsibility. 
> 
'• '
Stephanie Henry, ILC Managing Attorney, is responsible for ensuring project goals and objectives are
met.
Sara Thomas, Coalition Legal Counsel, ensures the accuracy of data collection and grant reporting.
Shawndell Miller, Director of Finance and Administration, has more than fifteen years of experience in
non-profit financial management. Ms. Miller is responsible for managing the grant budget including
submitting reimbursement requests and financial reporting.
Kathy Walsh, Coalition Executive Director, has over thirty years of experience in non-profit management.
Ms. Walsh is responsible for monitoring and overseeing the entire project.
8. Describe your proposaTs timeiine to completion with key milestones of accomplishments
KEY MILESTONES
TIMELINE
Staff trained on Danger Assessment
First Quarter
Implement Danger Assessment into intake and safety planning process
First Quarter
Conduct outreach to 10 culturally specific organizations serving diverse
immigrant communities
Second Quarter
Collaborate with local domestic violence agencies
On-going
Provide legal consultation and representation to 28 immigrant victims of
domestic violence, sexual assault, and trafficking
By the end of the grant
period
9. Explain how this funding increases your organization's current efforts towards the primary goal. Note:
Funds should not be used to shift existing:Resources away from the jirimary jgoai. if existing funds are already
being invested in the primary goal, CPF funds should be additive. 
- 
;
Most of our clients are referred to us from local domestic and sexual violence programs, social services
organizations, and the Metro Police Department. Immigration cases are time-consuming and may take
months or years to achieve results. Similar services provided by private attorneys could cost upward of
$5,000. Immigrant victims rarely have the resources to access private legal services either because of
their extremely low income, inability to work due to their immigrant status, &/or the control their abuser
has over all finances. Many agencies providing legal services to the poor in Davidson County do not
take immigration cases. Agencies providing general Immigration representation do not usually take
cases involving victims of domestic violence. The Coalition remains the ONLY service in Metro Davidson
County to offer free legal help to immigrant domestic violence victims in their immigration cases in order
to achieve long-term prevention of victimization. Thus, there is a substantial need for the legal services
we have been providing since 2004.
The ILC provides essential, life-saving services to one of Nashville's most vulnerable populations.
Without the support of Metro, it would drastically reduce our ability to serve Davidson County immigrant
victims.
Despite the difficulties inherent in finding funding for immigrant services, the Coalition has successfully
sustained its Legal Clinic since it received an initial start-up grant from the US Department of Justice in
2004. The Coalition sustains this project through its Metro CEP Grant, a Tennessee Bar Foundation
ARCHIVE


grant, and grants from the Office of Criminal Justice Programs. We continue to explore and pursue
other funding opportunities.
10. Describe how the funds will be used. Include dollars requested, total cost, budget estimates by category
(capital, operations, staff, etc.). Describe any in-kind contributions (dollars or other resources) including
partners, and recurring costs Describe how you will ensure and document that only Davidson County
residents are served with CPF funds. 
- 
" 
- 
"
The Coalition documents Davidson County residence for all clients served with CPF funding during the
intake process. Non-identifying, aggregate data is provided for Metro to document services provided.
See Attached Budget. The Budget justification is set forth below:
Salaries: est. $36,000 - These funds will be used to pay an est. portion of the ILC Legal Secretary
(30%), Legal Advocate (9%), Legal Counsel (2%) and will bring the part-time ILC Attorney (50%) from
20 to 30 hours per week.
Benefits: est. $6,000 - Coalition offered benefits estimated at 17% that Include taxes, health, dental,
vision, long term disability insurances and a 3% retirement match.
Professional fees: est. $3,500 - I.T., contract bookkeeper, payroll services, interpretation services, etc).
Supplies: est. $100 - 
general office supplies
Communications: st $240 - 
prorated portion of office telephone
Postage: est. $200 - 
to communicate with clients and courts
Occupancy: est. $3,100 - 
prorated cost office rent
Equipment rental/Main.: est. $260 - 
prorated cost associated with printers, copiers and office equipment
Travel: est. 300 - 
to attend funding related meetings and client meetings as needed
Insurance: est. $300 - 
prorated portion of required insurances for lawyers, workers comp, and agency
insurance
The project is also funded by VOCA, TN Bar Foundation and Administrative Office of the Courts.
We use Quickbooks accounting software to separate out expenses by funding source to ensure that the
funds are being tracked and monitored properly and only used for Davidson County residents.
ARCHIVE


METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
COMMUNITY PARTNERSHIP FUND SPENDING PLAN REVISION
RECIPIENT
Tennssee Coalition to End Domestic and Sexual Violence
REVISION
Please send to: Trinity Weathersby 700 2nd Avenue South, Suite 201 Nashville, TN 37210
Please send a copy to : 
Brian Kelsey One Public Square, Suite 100 Nashville, TN 37201
THE FOLLOWING IS APPLICABLE TO EXPENSES INCURRED DURING THE CURRENT CONTRACT GRANT PERIOD.
EXPENSE OBJECT LINE-ITEM
CATEGORY
ORIGINAL
METRO GRANT
FUNDS
.: REVISED
METRO GRANT
FUNDS
ORIGINAL
RECIPIENT
MATCH
(participation)
REVISED
RECIPIENT
MATCH
ORIGINAL
TOTAL
PROJECT
REVISED TOTAL
PROJECT
Salaries and Wages
$36,000.00
$132,900.00
$168,900.00
$0.00
Benefits and Taxes [(17 %)]
$6,000.00
$28,600.00
.
 
.
$34,600.00
$0.00
Professional Fees
$3,500.00
$12,200.00
$15,700.00
$0.00
Supplies
$100.00
$7,900.00
$8,000.00
$0.00
Communications
$240.00
-
 '
$1,100.00
I
$1,340.00
$0.00
Postage and Shipping
$200.00
,
 . 
I
$600.00
$800.00
$0.00
Occupancy
$3,100.00
$10,700.00
$13,800.00
$0.00
Equipment Rental and Maintenance
$260.00
$1,400.00
$1,660.00
$0.00
Printing and Publications
$0.00
. 
t--
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
Travel/ Conferences and Meetings
$300.00
$4,000.00
r
$4,300.00
$0.00
Insurance
$300.00
$3,400.00
$3,700.00
$0.00
Specific Assistance to Individuals
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
Other Non-Personnel
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
GRAND TOTAL
$50,000.00
$0.00
$202,800.00
$0.00
$252,800.00
;
 $o:oo
ARCHIVE
