Exinew I
GRANT CONTRACT 2024-R13-SBL BETWEEN
THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE
BY AND THROUGH
THE METROPOLITAN HOUSING TRUST FUND COMMISSION AND
Springboard Landings

This Grant Contract issued and entered into by and between the Metropolitan Government of

Nashville and Davidson County, a municipal corporation of the State of Tennessee hereinafter

referred to as “Metro”, and Springboard Landings, hereinafter referred to as the “Recipient,” is

for the provision of the construction of affordable housing as further defined in the "SCOPE OF

PROGRAM." Springboard Landings will be developing 10 affordable housing units located at

7986 Coley Davis Rd, Nashville 37221. The Recipient's grant budget is incorporated herein by

reference. The Recipient is a nonprofit charitable or civic organization.

A. SCOPE OF PROGRAM:

A.1. Each Property to which these grant funds are provided for shall be subject to a
Declaration of Restrictive Covenants (“Declaration”) imposing certain
affordability requirements to encumber the Property and run with the land over
a 30-year term (“Affordability Period”). Terms defined in the Declaration shall
have the same meanings when used in this Agreement.

A.2. The Recipient shall use the funds under this grant in accordance with the affordable
housing project described in the Scope of Work, which is incorporated herein and
attached hereto as Attachment A, and any of its amendments and subject to the terms
and conditions set forth herein.

A3. The Recipient, under this Grant Contract, will spend funds solely for the purposes set
forth in the work scope outlined in Attachment A. These funds shall be expended
consistent with the Grant Budget, included in Attachment B. Although some variation in
line-item amounts for the Grant is consistent with the Grant Budget, any change greater
than 20% of a draw category shall require the prior written approval of the Metro Housing
Director. However, in no event will the total amount of the Grant funds provided to
Recipient go above the Grant Award amount of $1,491,605.

A4. This Grant Contract by and through the Housing Trust Fund Commission and the
Recipient is expressly limited to the Grant award and for the purposes described herein.
Prior to the use of any funds, the property must be properly zoned, and it is the sole
responsibility of the Recipient to pursue any necessary rezoning or other land use
change. This Grant Contract in no way serves to supersede the authority of the Metro
Nashville Planning Commission or the Metropolitan Council's authority to approve or
deny zoning or land use changes on the proposed property and shall not be used for
such purposes.

A.5. Requirements for Rental Projects:

{NO281585,1} 1
ARCHIVE


a. Tenants must be income-eligible at the time of initial occupancy, and Recipient must
certify all incomes annually and maintain a certified rent roll. In the event a tenant’s
income increases above the income-requirement for the unit, the tenant is not
disqualified from remaining in the unit. However, the tenant’s rent shall be adjusted
to the corresponding AMI level for the next lease term.

b. The Recipient will provide Metro with a management plan program oversight which
includes certification of the rents, utility allowances and tenant incomes. The Grantee
shall also provide Metro an annual certification that Barnes rental requirements are
being met throughout the Affordability Period.

c. The Grantee will allow Metro or a Metro-approved contractor to conduct on-site
inspections of the grantee for compliance Barnes program requirements including,
but not limited to, reviewing tenant income calculations, rent determinations and
utility allowances.

d. The Affordability Period applicable to both tenant income and maximum rents shall
commence on the date of issuance of the certificate of occupancy for the final
building within the project. If a certificate of occupancy is not issued, the Affordability
Period will begin on the date of recordation of the notice of completion for the project.

e. Recipient shall not increase rents during the lease term. Such prohibition shall not
apply to any renewal of the lease, nor shall it affect the portion of rent paid by
another federal, state, or local program with respect to the tenant or units benefitting
from the grant funds.

f. During the Affordability Period, Recipient shall submit to Metro no later than July 15
of each year, an eviction report than includes the number of people evicted and the
reason for the eviction for the prior fiscal year (July 1-June 30).

g. Recipient shall post information on Fair Housing rights in the leasing office and make
information on Fair Housing rights available to tenants at least annually. Recipients
should endeavor to make information available to persons with Limited English
Proficiency.

B. GRANT CONTRACT TERM:

B.1. Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant shall be from execution of the grant
agreement until Project completion, but in no way greater than 24 months from the
execution of the grant agreement. Metro shall have no obligation for services rendered
by the Recipient which are not performed within this term. Pursuant to Metropolitan
Code of Laws § 2.149.040 (G), in the event the recipient fails to complete its obligations
under this grant contract within twenty-four months from execution, Metro is authorized
to rescind the contract and to reclaim previously appropriated funds from the
organization.

Cc. PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

C.1. Maximum Liability. In no event shall the maximum liability of Metro under this Grant
Contract exceed One Million Four Hundred Ninety-One Thousand Six Hundred and
Five Dollars ($1,491,605) (“Grant Award”). The Grant Budget, attached and
incorporated herein as part of Attachment B, details the project budget, and the
Grant Award shall constitute the maximum amount to be provided to the Recipient
by Metro for all of the Recipient’s obligations hereunder. The Grant Budget line items

{NO0281585.1} 2


include, but are not limited to, all applicable taxes, fees, overhead, and all other direct
and indirect costs incurred or to be incurred by the Recipient.

C.2. Compensation Firm. The maximum liability of Metro is not subject to escalation for any
reason. The Grant Budget amount is firm for the duration of the Grant Contract and is
not subject to escalation for any reason unless the grant contract is amended.

C.3. Payment Methodology. The Recipient shall be compensated for actual costs based
upon the Grant Budget, not to exceed the maximum liability established in Section C.1.
Upon execution of the Grant Contract and receipt of a request for payment, the
Recipient may be eligible to receive reimbursement for milestones as completed based
upon the Grant Budget.

a. Grant Draws
1) Construction Grant Draw Schedule

e Recipient shall submit draw requests in accordance with the Draw Schedule
provided in Attachment C. Changes to the Draw Schedule shall require an
amendment to the Grant Contract.

e Before adraw can be made, there must be a physical inspection of the property
by Metro or an approved designee unless otherwise specified. The inspection
must confirm appropriate completion of the project.

2) Construction Grant Draw Process

e Recipient must submit draw requests in the form and according to the
directions provided by Metro.

e Allinvoices shall be sent to: BFPayments@nashville.gov

e Said payment shall not exceed the maximum liability of this Grant Contract.

e Final invoices for the contract period should be received by Metro Payment
Services by 24 months from the execution of the grant agreement. Any
invoice not received by the deadline date will not be processed and all
remaining grant funds will expire.

C.4. Close-out Expenditure and Narrative Report. The Recipient must submit a final grant
Close-out Expenditure and Narrative Report, to be received by the Metropolitan Housing
Trust Fund Commission / Barnes Housing Trust Fund within 45 days of project
completion in conjunction with the submission of the final draw on the award. Said report
shall be in form and substance acceptable to Metro and shall be prepared by a Certified
Public Accounting Firm or the Chief Financial Officer of the Recipient Organization. It
should detail the outcomes of the activities funded under this Grant Contract.

{N0281585.1} 3


C.5. Payment of Invoice. The payment of any invoice by Metro shall not prejudice Metro’s
right to object to the invoice or any matter in relation thereto. Such payment by Metro
shall neither be construed as acceptance of any part of the work or service provided nor
as an approval of any of the costs included therein.

C.6. Unallowable Costs. The Recipient's invoice shall be subject to reduction for amounts
included in any invoice or payment theretofore made which are determined by Metro, on
the basis of audits or monitoring conducted in accordance with the terms of this Grant
Contract, to constitute unallowable costs.

C.7. Deductions. Metro reserves the right to adjust any amounts which are or shall become
due and payable to the Recipient by Metro under this or any Contract by deducting any
amounts which are or shall become due and payable to Metro by the Recipient under
this or any Contract.

C.8. Electronic Payment. Metro requires as a condition of this contract that the Recipient
shall complete and sign Metro's form authorizing electronic payments to the Recipient.
Recipients who have not already submitted the form to Metro will have thirty (30) days to
complete, sign, and return the form. Thereafter, all payments to the Recipient, under this
or any other contract the Recipient has with Metro, must be made electronically.

C.9. Procurement. Intentionally deleted. This provision is not applicable.

C.10. Public Meetings. At the reasonable request of Metro, Recipient agrees to attend public
meetings, neighborhood meetings, and other events regarding this Project.

C.11. Recognition. Any signage, printed materials, or online publications erected at the
applicable Project site or elsewhere regarding the Project shall include the following
language or language acceptable by Metro acknowledging that the Project is partially
funded with a grant from the Barnes Fund for Affordable Housing of the Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County:

This project funded in part by the Barnes Affordable Housing Trust Fund of the
Metropolitan Government of Nashville & Davidson County.

Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission

Freddie O’Connell, Mayor

Metropolitan Council of Nashville and Davidson County

D. STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

D.1. | Required Approvals. Metro is not bound by this Grant Contract until it is approved by the
appropriate Metro representatives as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.

{NO281585.1} 4


D.2. Modification and Amendment. This Grant Contract may be modified only by a written
amendment that has been approved in accordance with all Metro procedures and by
appropriate legislation of the Metropolitan Council.

D.3. Default and Termination for Cause. Any failure by Owner to perform any term or
provision of this Grant Contract shall constitute a "Default" (1) if such failure is curable
within 30 days and Recipient does not cure such failure within 30 days following written
notice of default from Metro, or (2) if such failure is not of a nature which cannot
reasonably be cured within such 30-day period and Recipient does not within such 30-
day period commence substantial efforts to cure such failure or thereafter does not within
a reasonable time prosecute to completion with diligence and continuity the curing of
such failure. Should the Recipient Default under this Grant Contract or if the Recipient
violates any terms of this Grant Contract, Metro shall have the right to immediately
terminate the Grant Contract and the Recipient shall return to Metro any and all grant
monies for services or projects under the grant not performed as of the termination date.
The Recipient shall also return to Metro any and all funds expended for purposes
contrary to the terms of the Grant. Such termination shall not relieve the Recipient of
any liability to Metro for damages sustained by virtue of any breach by the Recipient.

D.4. | Subcontracting. The Recipient shall not assign this Grant Contract or enter into a
subcontract for any of the services performed under this Grant Contract without obtaining
the prior written approval of Metro. Notwithstanding any use of approved subcontractors,
the Recipient shall be considered the prime Recipient and shall be responsible for all
work performed.

D.5. Conflicts of Interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount shall
be paid directly or indirectly to an employee or official of Metro as wages, compensation,
or gifts in exchange for acting as an officer, agent, employee, subcontractor, or
consultant to the Recipient in connection with any work contemplated or performed

: relative to this Grant Contract.
The Grantee also recognizes that no person identified as a Covered Person below may
obtain a financial interest or benefit from a Metro Housing Trust Fund Competitive Grant
assisted activity, or have an interest in any contract, subcontract, or agreement with
respect thereto, or the proceeds thereunder, either for themselves or those whom they
have family or business ties, during their tenure or for one year thereafter.
Covered Persons include immediate family members of any employee or board member
of the Grantee. Covered Persons are ineligible to receive benefits through the Metro
Housing Trust Fund Competitive Grant program. Immediate family ties include (whether
by blood, marriage, or adoption) a spouse, parent (including stepparent), child (including
a stepbrother or stepsister), sister, brother, grandparent, grandchild, and in-laws of a
Covered Person.

D.6. Nondiscrimination. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person
shall be excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected
to discrimination in the performance of this Grant Contract or in the employment
practices of the Recipient on the grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion, sex,
national origin, or any other classification which is in violation of applicable laws. The
Recipient shall, upon request, show proof of such nondiscrimination and shall post in
conspicuous places, available to all employees and applicants, notices of
nondiscrimination.

(N0281585.1} 5
ARCHIVE


D.7. Records. All documents relating in any manner whatsoever to the grant project, or any
designated portion thereof, which are in the possession of Recipient, or any subcontractor
of Recipient shall be made available to the Metropolitan Government for inspection and
copying upon written request by the Metropolitan Government. Furthermore, said
documents shall be made available, upon request by the Metropolitan Government, to any
state, federal or other regulatory authority and any such authority may review, inspect, and
copy such records. Said records include, but are not limited to, all drawings, plans,
specifications, submittals, correspondence, minutes, memoranda, tape recordings, videos
or other writings or things which document the grant project, its design, and its construction.
Said records expressly include those documents reflecting the cost of construction,
including all subcontracts and payroll records of Recipient.

Recipient shall maintain documentation for all funds provided under this grant contract.
The books, records, and documents of Recipient, insofar as they relate to funds
provided under this grant contract, shall be maintained for a period of three (3) full years
from the date of the final payment. The books, records, and documents of Recipient,
insofar as they relate to funds provided under this grant contract, shall be subject to
audit at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by Metro or its duly appointed
representatives. Records shall be maintained in accordance with the standards outlined
in the Metro Grants Manual. The financial statements shall be prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles.

D.8. Monitoring. The Recipient's activities conducted, and records maintained pursuant to
this Grant Contract shall be subject to monitoring and evaluation by Metro or Metro’s
duly appointed representatives during the term of the contract and throughout the
affordability period. The Recipient shall make all audit, accounting, or financial records,
notes, and other documents pertinent to this grant available for review by the
Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability, Internal Audit or Metro’s representatives,
upon request, during normal working hours.

D.9. Reporting. Recipient will be required to provide annual progress reports no later than
July 15 of each year. The progress report should summarize activity that occurred during
the previous fiscal year (July 1 — June 30). Said report shall be in a form provided by
Metro. In addition, Recipient shall submit a Close-out Expenditure and Narrative Report
as provided in section C.4 above detailing the outcome of the activities funded under
this Grant Contract.

D.10. Strict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist in any one or more cases upon the strict
performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement
shall not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of any such term, covenant,
condition, or provision. No term or condition of this Grant Contract shall be held to be
waived, modified, or deleted except by a written amendment by the appropriate parties
as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.

D.11. Insurance. The Recipient shall maintain adequate public liability and other appropriate
forms of insurance, including other appropriate forms of insurance on the Recipient's
employees, and to pay all applicable taxes incident to this Grant Contract.

D.12. Metro Liability. Metro shall have no liability except as specifically provided in this Grant
Contract.

(INO281585.1} 6
ARCHIVE


D.13. Independent Contractor. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to
create a partnership or joint venture between the Recipient and Metro or to create the
relationship of principal and agent between or among the Recipient and Metro. The
Recipient shall not hold itself out in a manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph.
Metro shall not become liable for any representation, act, or omission of any other party
contrary to the terms of this paragraph. *

D.14. Indemnification and Hold Harmless.

a. Recipient shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Metro, its officers, agents and
employees from any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees for injuries
or damages arising, in part or in whole, from the negligent or intentional acts or
omissions of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or
independent contractors, in connection with the performance of the contract, and any
claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees arising from any failure of
Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or independent
contractors, to observe applicable laws, including, but not limited to, labor laws and
minimum wage laws.

b. Metro will not indemnify, defend, or hold harmless in any fashion the Recipient from
any claims, regardless of any language in any attachment or other document that
the Recipient may provide.

c. Recipient shall pay Metro any expenses incurred as a result of Recipient's failure to
fulfill any obligation in a professional and timely manner under this Contract.

d. Grantee’s duties under this section shall survive the termination or expiration of the
grant.

D.15. Force Majeure. The obligations of the parties to this Grant Contract are subject to
prevention by causes beyond the parties’ control that could not be avoided by the
exercise of due care including, but not limited to, acts of God, riots, wars, strikes,
epidemics, or any other similar cause.

D.16. State, Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with all applicable
federal, state, and local laws and regulations in the performance of this Grant Contract.

D.17. Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction, and effect of this Grant
Contract and any and all extensions and/or modifications thereof shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The venue
for legal action concerning this Grant Contract shall be in the courts of Davidson
County, Tennessee.

D.18. Attorney Fees. Recipient agrees that, in the event either party deems it necessary to
take legal action to enforce any provision of the Grant Contract, and in the event Metro
prevails, Recipient shall pay all expenses of such action including Metro's attorney fees
and costs at all stages of the litigation.

(N0281585,1} y/


D.19. Completeness. This Grant Contract is complete and contains the entire understanding
between the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein, including all the
terms and conditions of the parties’ agreement. This Grant Contract supersedes any and
all prior understandings, representations, negotiations, and agreements between the
parties relating hereto, whether written or oral.

D.20. Headings. Section headings are for reference purposes only and shall not be construed
as part of this Grant Contract.

D.21. Licensure. The Recipient and its employees and all sub-grantees shall be licensed
pursuant to all applicable federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, rules, and
regulations and shall upon request provide proof of all licenses. Recipient will obtain all
permits, licenses, and permissions necessary for the grant project.

D.22. Waiver. No waiver of any provision of this contract shall affect the right of any party
thereafter to enforce such provision or to exercise any right or remedy available to it in
the event of any other default.

D.23. Inspection. The Grantee agrees to permit inspection of the project and/or services
provided for herein, without any charge, by members of the Grantor and its
representatives.

D.24. Assignment—Consent Required. The provisions of this contract shall inure to the benefit
of and shall be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties
hereto. Except for the rights of money due to Recipient under this contract, neither this
contract nor any of the rights and obligations of Recipient hereunder shall be assigned or
transferred in whole or in part without the prior written consent of Metro. Any such
assignment or transfer shall not release Recipient from its obligations hereunder. Notice
of assignment of any rights to money due to Recipient under this Contract must be sent
to the attention of the Metro Department of Finance.

D.25. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to
offer, give or agree to give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or
former employee to solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a
gratuity or an offer of employment in connection with any decision, approval,
disapproval, recommendation, preparations of any part of a program requirement or a
purchase request, influencing the content of any specification or procurement standard,
rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any other advisory capacity in any
proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or controversy in any
proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or controversy or other
particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or subcontract or
to any solicitation or proposal therefore. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any
payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor
under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or a person
associated therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach
of the provisions of this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of
ethical standards which may result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or
suspension from participation in Metropolitan Government contracts.

(IN0281585.1} 8
ARCHIVE


D.26. Communications and Contacts. All instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other
communications from the Recipient required or contemplated by this Grant Contract
shall be in writing and shall be made by facsimile transmission, email, or by first class
mail, addressed to the respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or address
as set forth below or to such other party, facsimile number, or address as may be
hereafter specified by written notice.

Metro:

Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission / Barnes Housing Trust Fund

Planning Department — Housing Division

PO Box 196300

Nashville, TN 37219

BarnesFund@nashville.gov

Recipient:

Springboard Landings

Elizabeth Woodliff

179 Belle Forest Circle, Suite 301

662-590-3304

elizabeth@springboardlandings.org

D.27. Lobbying. The Recipient certifies, to the best of its knowledge and belief, that:

a. No federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid, by or on behalf of the
Recipient, to any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or
employee of any agency, a Member of Congress in connection with the awarding of
any federal contract, the making of any federal grant, the making of any federal loan,
and entering into of any cooperative agreement, and the extension, continuation,
renewal, amendment, or modification of any federal contract, grant, loan, or
cooperative agreement.

b. If any funds other than federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid to
any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any
agency, a Member of Congress, an officer or employee of Congress, or an employee
of a Member of Congress in connection with this grant, loan, or cooperative
agreement, the Recipient shall complete and submit Standard Form-LLL, “Disclosure
Form to Report Lobbying,” in accordance with its instructions.

c. The Recipient shall require that the language of this certification be included in the
award documents for all sub-awards at all tiers (including sub-grants, subcontracts,
and contracts under grants, loans, and cooperative agreements) and that all
subcontractors of federally appropriated funds shall certify and disclose accordingly.

D.28. Effective Date. This contract shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed
first by the Recipient and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan
Government and has been filed in the office of the Metropolitan Clerk. When it has been
so signed and filed, this contract shall be effective as of the date first written above.

(N0281585.1) 9


(THIS PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK)
{NO281585,1) 10
ARCHIVE


THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF RECIPIENT: ’ ,
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY: Springboard Landinge Fpllh Veod
APPROVED AS TO PROGRAM SCOPE: ; 4 .
At; Dogh. gy: Elizabeth Woad liff-
ley Westernoim, Chair — Title: Execufie Deck
Meffopolitan Trust Fund Commission
Swom to and subscribed to be meg.
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF Notary Public, this 26“Uay of 44945:
FUNDS: 2024.
_ _ ZINE 52 .

Kevin crumbo, Director IN Pablo sedON

Department of Finance iy STATE vA

TENNESSEE
O\ Notary /
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY: O\ PusLic AS,
a Nery
Assistant Metropolitan Atfomey

APPROVEDAS TORISK AND ,

INSURANCE:
eee . Notary Public.

Director of Risk Management Services A) AF . ,
APPROVED BY METROPOLITAN My Commission expires _9/ 20/7F
GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND
DAWSON COUNTY:
dl oi X Lin J,
Metropolitan County Mayor
Date SEP 19 :2024
ath bt

ATTEST this t - nf Serenver_, woh

BY: Li. Kann [GS ee

7 \sietropolitan Clark 4
ARCHIVE


ATTACHMENT A
Na»
Barnes Housing Trust Fund Scope of Work
Contract Number: 2024-R13-SBL
Funding Round Number: 13
Organization Name: Springboard Landings
Project Location : 7986 Coley Davis Rd, Nashville 37221
Project Type: Rental New Construction
Grant Award: $1,491,605
Metro Property Award: N/A
Total Number of Units: 24
Total Number of Barnes Fund Units by Income Target:
<30% AMI 31-60% AMI 61-80% AMI
Pt
Project Summary:
Springboard Landings will be community-centered, affordable housing for adults with developmental
disabilities. Ten units will be dedicated to adults with developmental disabilities, “Landers,” with five
additional units for residents without disabilities, including a salaried House Manager. These
residents will benefit from below-market rent and receive a small stipend for spending 2-4 hours a
week building community and providing support as needed. The House Manager will oversee the
building and foster a supportive community environment.


ATTACHMENT B
Barnes Housing Trust Fund Grant Budget
ARCHIVE


ARCHIVE


3|,2 ZaegeSiaH oglezels 75382
ted peer) GREE Gti
ee B Hive dites’ ° ape
te" 8 Hed: 2
FE 1 iE OE
é i i § ;
i + Blow 5 z
d 8 :
z F E
= i
8 = sae
58 ae
if tHE RG
z Sereiaié B Bee
| ae) ee
a ® PETE PEED ckee
Ty : ;
Bega
i f
i : lt
3 fee c seein EEE
235 by eos sega
cay .
H .
fess in
HEHE:
sa ez2c8 aH
*ahFile
ORR i z
iH :
z
pier
PES EEEEE SE
SLE tue
any ryPee] B
crip) fF oaly
ze: f
z 4
g 8
2
deg wok, ol at
SBERSSERR Se88E8
BIBSBReeee SRBS88
* x
A 5
A 3
decceazel tkeszal
FIR SRRRFIS RI RR RE
ty a
gle» weslt geey ¥ele
eEeEEEES| HEREEE
g ty
ie :
Beas. eSel | Sees
ARCHIVE


ARCHIVE


ATTACHMENT C
Ran 5
Barnes Housing Trust Fund Draw Schedule
Draw# %of Grant Milestone
15% . a: : a
1 Upon receipt of the building permit, proof of builder’s risk insurance
with Metro Nashville listed as a lien holder. Eligible predevelopment
expenses.
2 25% Rough grading, footing, and foundation complete.
3 25% Framing and roofing complete.
4 25% Plumbing, electrical, and mechanical roughed-in, inspected, and
‘O
passed by Metro Codes; roofing complete.
Receipt of Final Use & Occupancy letter from Metro Codes.
5 10%
Note: Draw requests 2-4 must be inspected by a third-party inspector contracted with Metro prior to
the release of funds. All draw requests require documentation and are paid on a reimbursable basis.


ATTACHMENT D
6
Na»
EI, >
sf A
Required Documents
The following are required items pursuant to Metropolitan Code 5.04.070:

1. A copy of the nonprofit’s corporate charter or other articles, constitution, bylaws, or
instruments of organization;

2. A copy of a letter from the Internal Revenue Service evidencing the fact that the
organization is a nonprofit, tax-exempt organization under the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended;

3. A statement of the nature and extent of the organization's program that serves the residents
of the metropolitan government;

4. The proposed use of the funds to be provided by the metropolitan government (See
Attachment A);

5. The proposed budget of the organization, indicating all sources of funds and a line-item
identification of the proposed expenditure of metropolitan government funds (See
Attachment B);

6. A copy of the nonprofit’s annual audit or other required financial documentation described in
Metro Code subsection 5.04.070(E).


SPRINGBOARD LANDINGS, INC.
BYLAWS (AS Amended July 2024)
ARTICLE |
NAME AND LOCATION

A. The name of the corporation shall be Springboard Landings, Inc.

B. The place of office location is 179 Belle Forest Circle, Suite 301 Nashville, TN 37221, or
any other location as designated by the Board.

ARTICLE II

STATEMENT OF PURPOSE

THE MISSION To provide adults who need a limited amount of support an option for
independent living in a residential community-centered environment.
OUR VISION To create unique apartments for adults with mild developmental disabilities that
provide a mix of independent and communal living. The apartments will open into a common
area to encourage social interaction and community, thus preventing isolation. A small
number of units will be filled by support volunteers who will offer guidance and help build a
community environment.
This arrangement will empower our residents to live independently, enhance the quality of life
for our residents, and allow the development of a permanent extended family.

ARTICLE III

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

A. POWERS. The Corporation’s Board of Directors shall have all powers necessary to
manage the business and affairs of the Corporation. The acts of the Board of Directors
shall not conflict with the purposes and restrictions on the Corporation as set forth in
the Articles of Incorporation.

B. ELIGIBILITY. Board members (Directors) shall have a strong personal connection with
and understanding of the mission of Springboard Landings, Inc. and demonstrate a
commitment to its purpose.

C. MEMBERSHIP. The Board of Directors shall consist of no less than five (5) and no more
than fifteen (15) voting members. The Executive Director will be an Ex Facto


Director.and any such other officers, agents, or employees as may be deemed
necessary by resolution of the Board of Directors. Ex officio Directors will have no
voting privileges.

D. PROHIBITED RELATIONSHIPS. No person may serve as a voting member on the
Corporation’s Board of Directors who seeks to derive profit or financial gain as a result
of activities undertaken by the Corporation or any of its affiliated entities. Voting
members of a resident’s family may never hold the majority number on the Board.

E. ELECTION.

a. Directors shall be elected by a vote of the majority of all voting members of the
Board. At an election for directors, each voting member shall have the right to
cast one vote for each director position up for election.

b. Until the Board has a full complement of fifteen (15) voting members, or in the
case of a mid-term vacancy, appointment of new Board members may take
place at the next established board meeting. Appointed Board members will
then have a prorated board term.

c. The process for nominations for director positions shall be open to all Active
Directors. Nominations for director positions shall be made by the Governance
Committee and shall be approved by the Board.

d. The Governance Committee shall vet all candidates and make a
recommendation to the board. A list of the recommended candidates and their
qualifications for office, shall be delivered to all members of the Board no less
than seven (7) and no more than thirty (30) days in advance of the election.

e. Elections may be either by open voting or by secret ballot, as the Board may
choose.

TERMS OF OFFICE. The regular term of office for voting members of the Board of Directors

shall be three (3) years. The terms of the directors shall be staggered so that, at any annual

corporation meeting, no more than one third of the director positions shall be up for
election except when there are less than six (6) directors, no more than two (2) shall be up

for election in any year. Once the Board of Directors reaches capacity, fifteen (15)

members, Directors shall not serve more than two consecutive terms in office except those

directors serving two years or less during their first term. This period of service will not
apply for purposes of the consecutive terms. A Director who has served the maximum
number of consecutive terms shall not be eligible for re-election for one year.

F. VACANCIES. Vacancies for unexpired terms on the Board of Directors may be filled by a
majority vote of the Board at any regular or special Board meeting following the same
nomination process outlined above.

ARCHIVE


G. REMOVAL. A director may be removed from office by the corporation’s Board upon a
showing of good cause. Unexcused absence from half or more of the Board meetings
in any twelve month period, or unexcused absence from any three consecutive Board
meetings shall be considered good cause. Notice of intent to remove must be
delivered to the director at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting at which such
action is to be taken. The notice shall state reasons for removal. A two-thirds (2/3)
vote of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be
required for removal.

H. MEETINGS.

a. The corporation’s annual meeting shall be held in February of each year, at a
specific date, time, and place as shall be fixed by the Board, for the purpose of
electing new Board members and for the transaction of other business as may
come before the meeting. If the election of the Board of Directors shall not be
held on the day designated for the annual meeting, or at any adjournment
thereof, the Board shall cause the election to be held at a special meeting as
soon thereafter as conveniently may be convened.

b. There shall be no less than four (4) regular board of directors’ meetings in any
given year.

Written notice, confirming notification by email, of the place, day, and hour of
the annual meeting shall be delivered to all members of the Board no less than
ten (10) days in advance of the meeting.

d. Aregular meeting of the Board shall be held within thirty (30) days following the
annual corporation meeting. The Board may provide by resolution the time and
place for the holding of additional regular meetings without other notice than
the resolution.

e. Special meetings of the Board may be called by or at the request of the
Chairperson or by not less than one third of the members of the Board. The
persons calling or requesting the special meeting may fix the date, place, and
time of the special meeting.

f. Notice of a special meeting stating the purpose of the meeting shall be given not
less than two (2) days nor more than thirty (30) days prior to the meeting by
email and/or written notice delivered personally or mailed to each member at
his or her residence.

g. Aquorum shall consist of one half of the voting members of the Board of
Directors. If less than one half are present at a meeting, a majority of the voting
members present may adjourn the meeting from time to time without further
notice. Except where stated otherwise in the Articles of Incorporation or these
Bylaws, the act of a simple majority of voting members present at a meeting at
which there is a quorum shall be the act of the Board.

h. Each voting Director shall have one (1) vote. No Director may assign another
Director his or her vote by proxy.

ARCHIVE


|. COMPENSATION.

The Board of Directors shall serve without compensation.

J. RESIGNATION. A Director may resign at any time by delivering a written resignation to
the Chairperson or Secretary of the Corporation. The resignation shall become
effective upon acceptance by the Chairperson or Secretary.

ARTICLE IV
OFFICERS
Officers. The corporation shall have a President, Vice-President, Secretary, Treasurer, and any
other officers as shall be elected by the Board. The officers shall be chosen from among the
voting members of the Board, and shall serve without compensation. The President may
appoint, with Board approval, persons to assist the Secretary and/or Treasurer in the
performance of their duties, and such persons are not required to be members of the Board.

A. President — The President shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors; plan,
in consultation with the Executive Director and other officers, the agenda for all Board
meetings; and appoint, with the confirmation of the Board, the members of all
committees. The President, in conjunction with the Executive Director, shall bear
responsibility of distributing the agenda and relevant financial statements to all Board
members at least seven (7) days prior to the next Board meeting.

B. Vice-President — The Vice-President shall assist the President in the carrying out of his
or her duties; carry on the duties of the President in the President’s absence; and
become the President in the event of the President’s resignation or inability to serve.

C. Secretary — The Secretary shall ensure that, at every meeting of the Board of Directors,
minutes are taken and votes are recorded, and that the minutes are kept in a book
maintained for that purpose; ensure that the notices for all Board meetings are sent,
where required by these bylaws; ensure that the official records of the Corporation are
properly maintained, except such as shall be in charge of the Treasurer, including all
minutes, policy decisions, original copies of the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws,
and all amendments thereto, and a current list of Board members in good standing;
authenticate records of the Corporation as necessary; assist the President with
correspondence and ensure that a file of such correspondence is properly maintained;
and in the absence of the President and Vice-President call meetings of the Board to
order, and proceed with the election of a President Pro Temp.

ARCHIVE


D. Treasurer —The Treasurer shall oversee all policies and procedures related to all
financial matters of the corporation; ensure that full and accurate accounts are
maintained of all monies of the Corporation received or disbursed; ensure that all
monies and valuables of the corporation are in the name of or to the credit of the
Corporation, are deposited in such depositories as the Board shall designate; and
ensure the preparation and distribution of regular financial reports and a yearly budget
to the Board of Directors for their examination and approval.

a. Other Duties — Each officer shall have other duties and powers as may be
assigned by the Board or the Chairperson.

b. Terms of Office — The officers of the Corporation shall be elected by the Board
of Directors at the regular annual meeting of the Board of Directors, or at any
other time should an office be vacated. The regular term of office for officers
shall be one year. Officers shall assume office immediately upon election, and
shall serve until a successor has been selected.

c. Elections — Officers shall be elected by the Board of Directors at the
annual meeting. Elections may either be by open voting or by secret ballot, as
the Board may choose.

d. Removal. Any officer elected or appointed by the Board of Directors may be
removed by the Board of Directors upon a showing of good cause, by a vote of
three-fourths (3/4) of the Directors present at any regular or special meeting
whenever in its judgment the best interests of the Corporation would be served
thereby. Notice of intent to remove must be delivered to the officer at least ten
(10) days prior to the meeting at which such action is to be taken. The notice
shall state reasons for removal.

e. Vacancies —A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal, or
inability to serve, shall be filled for the unexpired portion of the term of office
by a vote of the Board at a duly constituted meeting, a quorum being present.

B. OTHER OFFICERS, AGENTS, AND EMPLOYEES. 6
ARCHIVE


This corporation may have such other officers, agents, and employees as may be deemed
necessary by the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE V

EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

The Board of Directors shall appoint a full-time salaried Executive Director of the Corporation.
The Executive Director shall have broadly acknowledged authority for the day-to-day
operation of the Corporation under the supervision of the Board of Directors which employs
him/her. The Executive Director shall have the authority to fulfill the mission and vision of the
organization through the directives of the Board of Directors. He/she is responsible for the
overall administration and management of the Corporation. The Executive Director shall be a
non-voting ex-officio member of the Board of Directors and all Corporation committees,
including the Executive Committee. Except for voting, the Executive Director shall have the
same rights as other members of the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE VI

COMMITTEES
A. EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

a. Composition —- The Executive Committee shall consist of the officers of the
Corporation, the Executive Director, and such other members as the President
may appoint and the Board may approve.

b. Powers — During intervals between meetings of the Board, the Executive
Committee shall have and exercise all the powers, privileges and prerogatives
of the Board except those expressly reserved to the Board by the Articles of
Incorporation, by these bylaws, or by resolution of the Board. The Executive
Committee shall report any such exercise of its power at the next meeting of
the Board.

c. Limitations. - The Executive Committee shall not have the authority of the
Board relating to the following matters: amending, altering, repealing, or
restating these bylaws or the Articles of Incorporation; electing, appointing, or
removing any member of the Executive Committee or any director or officer of
the Corporation; authorizing the sale, lease, exchange or mortgage of all of the
property or assets of the Corporation; authorizing the voluntary dissolution of
the Corporation or revoking proceedings therefore; adopting a plan for the
distribution of assets of the Corporation; or amending, altering, or repealing
any resolution of the Board of Directors that by its terms provides that it shall
not be amended, altered, or repealed by the Executive Committee.

B. OTHER COMMITTEES

a. Standing Committees — The President, subject to Board approval, shall appoint

the members of the Corporation’s standing committees on an annual basis and
ARCHIVE


at other times as may be appropriate. The Board may from time to time create
additional standing committees; combine, dissolve or divide existing standing
committees; or revise the purposes of the responsibilities of the standing
committees.

i. Fundraising Committee. The purpose of the Fundraising Committee
shall be to ensure that revenue-raising strategies are commensurate
with the mission and plans of the organization. Its responsibilities shall
include the development, review and implementation of fund-raising
plans and maximizing Board assistance and participation in the
implementation of those plans. Responsibilities shall include production
of a regular newsletter, informational brochures and media releases.

ii. Finance Committee. The purpose of the Finance Committee shall be to
ensure that the organization operates in a fiscally responsible manner.
Its responsibilities shall include proposing an annual budget to the
Board for approval; keeping the Board aware of the organization’s
financial condition and progress in comparison with the approved
budget; overseeing cash management and reviewing estimates for
capital expenditures; and ensuring that necessary audits and tax reports
are produced for Springboard Landings.

iii. Governance Committee. The purpose of the Governance Committee is
to establish operational policies and procedures for the administration
and Board of Directors of Springboard Landings. Its responsibilities shall
include periodically reviewing and, when appropriate, revising the
organization’s policies, subject to ratification by the Board and revising
policies to comply with applicable changes in local, state, and federal
regulations.

b. Ad hoc Committees — In addition to the Standing Committees, other
committees as may be deemed necessary may from time to time be authorized
by the President, with approval of the Board.

c. Membership — The President, with Board approval, shall appoint the
Chairpersons and members of all standing and Ad hoc committees. Each
committee shall include at least one voting member of the Board and may
include as many non-members as the President and Board deem appropriate.
The President of the Corporation and the Executive Director shall be ex-officio
members of all committees.

d. Procedures — Committees shall meet upon request of the respective
Chairperson or the President of the Corporation. The committee Chairperson
shall be responsible for presiding over committee meetings, conducting the
committee’s business, ensuring that a written record of all of the committee’s
activities is maintained, and presenting the committee’s recommendations to
the Board at the next regularly scheduled Board meeting.

ARCHIVE


e. Quorum —A majority of the committee members must be present to make up a
quorum. Action may be taken without a meeting by any committee by a written
consent signed by all committee members.

ARTICLE Vil
FINANCIAL MATTERS

A. BOOKS AND RECORDS The Board of Directors of Springboard Landings, Inc. shall cause
to be kept: (1) records of all proceedings of the Board of Directors; and (2) such other
records and books of account as shall be necessary and appropriate to the conduct of
the corporate business. All corporate records shall be open to inspection upon written
request at reasonable times to directors of the Corporation or their representatives for
any purpose reasonably related to their capacity as a director. Requests must be in
writing, signed, and if authorizing a representative, shall state the specific terms of the
authorization. The right to inspect shall include the right to make extracts or copies,
the cost to be borne by the requester. A request to inspect shall be delivered to the
President, Secretary or other officer or agent designated by the Board not less than
five business days before the date specified in the request for inspection. The term
“corporate records” shall not be construed to include the personnel records of
employees, volunteers or other agents, or records relating to individual residents.

B. FISCAL YEAR

: The fiscal year of the corporation shall be determined by the Board of Directors

C. CHECKS, DRAFTS, AND OTHER MATTERS All checks, drafts, or other orders for the
payment of money and all notes, bonds, or other evidences of indebtedness issued in
the name of Springboard Landings, Inc. shall be signed by such officer or officers, agent
or agents, employee or employees of this Corporation and in such manner as may from
time to time be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors.
Resolved, that the Treasurer, Board President, Executive Director, and bookkeeper are
authorized to sign checks and submit payment requests online via electronic banking.
Expenditures greater than $2,500 shall require prior approval by vote of the full Board.
Individual transactions related to initiatives approved by the Board shall be deemed to
have prior approval. Resolved that two (2) signatures from either the Board President
and/or the Treasurer and/or the Chairman of the Finance Committee are authorized to

ARCHIVE


sign for financial transactions involving contracts, loans, mortgages and lines of credit
greater than $2,500 authorized by the Board of Directors.
D. GIFTS The Board of Directors may accept on behalf of Springboard Landings, Inc. any
contributions bequest, or device for any purpose of the Corporation.
ARTICLE VIII
WAIVER OF NOTICE
Whenever any notice is required to be given to any Director of Springboard Landings, Inc.
under the provisions of these Bylaws or any of the corporation laws of the State of Tennessee,
such notice may be waived in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to such notice,
whether before, at, or after the time stated therein or before, at, or after the meeting.
ARTICLE IX
AUTHORIZATION WITHOUT A MEETING
Any action that may be taken at a meeting of the Board of Directors (or at a meeting of any
committee, as the case may be) may be taken without a meeting when authorized in writing,
signed by all Directors (or by all of the committee members, as the case may be).
ARTICLE X
INDEMNIFICATION
To the extent permitted by law, any former or present director or officer of Springboard
Landings, Inc. who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any proceeding,
wherever and by whomever brought by reason of his or her former or present official capacity
as a director or officer of this Corporation, or his or her official capacity as a director, officer,
employee, partner, trustee or agent of another corporation partnership, joint venture, trust or
other organization, while serving at the request of this corporation, shall be indemnified by
this corporation against expenses, including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines, and amounts
paid in settlement or actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with such
proceeding. Such reimbursement shall be made in advance of the final disposition of the
proceeding to the extent provided by law. Except as expressly provided herein, no other
person shall be indemnified by the corporation for expenses incurred in connection with a
proceeding to which such person was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party by
reason of the former or present official capacity of such person.
ARCHIVE


ARTICLE XI
CORPORATE BYLAWS AND AMENDMENTS
The Board of Directors may amend Springboard Landings, Inc. Articles of Incorporation, as
from time to time amended or restated, and these Bylaws, as from time to time amended and
restated, to include or omit any provision, which could lawfully be included or omitted at the
time such amendment or restatement is adopted. Any number of amendments, or an entire
revision or restatement of the articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, either (1) may be submitted
and voted upon at a single meeting of the Board of Directors and be adopted as such a
meeting, a quorum being present, upon receiving the affirmative vote of not less than two-
thirds (2/3) of the total number of directors of this Corporation, or (2) may be adopted, in
accordance with Article IX hereof, by a writing signed by all of the directors of Springboard
Landings, Inc.
Adopted
ARCHIVE


° INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY
FP. O. BOX 2508
CINCINNATI, OH 45201
<< Employer Identification Number:
Date: MAY 14 2011 80-0650695
DLN:
17053102312031
SPRINGBOARD LANDINGS INC Contact Person:
412 GENERAL GEORGE PATTON RD GARY MUTHERT ID# 31518
NASHVILLE, TN 37221 Contact Telephone Number:
(877) 829-5500
Accounting Period Ending:
December 31
Public Charity Status:
170 (b) (1) (A) (vi)
Se seeices pais commerce, PORN ee —. - ——
Yes
Effective Date of Exemption:
October 8, 2010
Contribution Deductibility:
~ Yes
Addendum Applies:
No
Dear Applicant:
We are pleased to inform you that upon review of your application for tax
exempt status we have determined that you are exempt from Federal income tax
— under section 501(c) (3) of the Internal Revenue Code. Contributions to you are
deductible under section 170 of the Code. You are also qualified to receive
tax deductible bequests, devises, transfers or gifts under section 2055, 2106
or 2522 of the Code. Because this letter could help resolve any questions
regarding your exempt status, you should keep it in your permanent records.
Organizations exempt under section 501(c) (3) of the Code are further classified
as either public charities or private foundations. We determined that you are
a public charity under the Code section(s) listed in the heading of this
letter.
Please see enclosed Publication 4221-PC, Compliance Guide for 501(c) (3) Public
Charities, for some helpful information about your responsibilities as an
exempt organization.
Sincerely,
Pons CO? sf
Nets bt, DS hem tee F
£
Lois G. Lerner
Director, Exempt Organizations
Enclosure: Publication 4221-PC
Letter 947 (DO/CG)
ARCHIVE


ARCHIVE


on
7@PRINGROARD
ANDINGS
Springboard Landings, a 501(c)3 organization, was formed in 2009 by a group
of concerned parents for the future of their adult children with mild
developmental disabilities. It started with the question: What happens when
my parents are no longer available?

Adults with mild developmental disabilities live among us as neighbors,
friends, relatives, and acquaintances. It is projected up to 40,000
Tennesseans have developmental disabilities, other than intellectual
disability.* Too often neglected or underserved, many continue living with their
parents well into adulthood for lack of suitable alternative housing and
support. But, like their now-adult children, these parents are also aging and
eventually come face-to-face with the frightening reality that one day they will
die or may otherwise be unable to provide a home or guidance for their adult
children.

Of those residential options that are available for adults with developmental
disabilities, most are far too restrictive for adults with milder levels of disability.
These are adults with developmental disabilities who are capable of self-care,
can secure and retain employment, and independently use public
transportation. They do not require around-the-clock supervision but need
occasional guidance or a helping hand when they encounter situations they
find too difficult to manage on their own.

In 2007 a group of parents began in earnest to secure the necessary
resources to create appropriate adult living spaces for this population.
Springboard Landings was their vision.

*From the Report of the DEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITIES TASK FORCE "Fulfilling the Promise", June 20, 2007
ARCHIVE


ARCHIVE


ASPRINGBOARD
ANDINGS, Inc.
NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER 31, 2023
TRENT J. MITCHELL
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT
ARCHIVE


SPRINGBOARD LANDINGS, INC.
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER 31, 2023
Contents
Page
Independent Auditor’s Report ..........scssssssssesssssssesseasssssessssscsessseetensenrsesecsererseteeesenee L = 2
Audited Financial Statements:
Statement of Financial Position........ssssscsssssscsssssscessssessessesssssnteesenessesenesasseens 3
Statement Of Activities.........sssssssesssssssernssessesnssessssnssssecassacsncenesessesesentscencenses 4
Statement of Cash FIOWS.......ssescssssssssssssssssenssssseccsssesssstsneseseessesatencssescereeeacenee 5
Notes to Financial Statements..........sssssssssssecsscssssssssssssssssesssesssenssersesseesssneses 6-9
ARCHIVE


TRENT J. MITCHELL
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT
4007 DELAWARE AVENUE, SUITE 203
NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE 37209
STATE OF TENNESSEE PERMIT: 4914
P: 615-234-0432 www.trentmitchell.cpa
Member:
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
Tennessee Society of Certified Public Accountants
Independent Auditor’s Report
Board of Directors
Springboard Landings, Inc.
Nashville, Tennessee
Opinion
T have audited the accompanying financial statements of Springboard Landings, Inc. (a nonprofit
organization), which comprise the statement of financial position as of December 31, 2023, and the related
statements of activities and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes to the financial
statements.
In my opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of Springboard Landings, Inc. as of December 31, 2023, and the changes in its net assets
and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America.
Basis for Opinion
I conducted the audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of
America. My responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities
for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of my report. I am required to be independent of
Springboard Landings, Inc. and to meet my other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the relevant
ethical requirements relating to my audit. I believe that the audit evidence I have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for my audit opinion.
Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the
design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair
presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error.
In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions
or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about Springboard Landings, Inc.’s
ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are
available to be issued.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
My objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes my opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and
therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
Misstatements are considered material if there is substantial likelihood that, individually or in the
aggregate, they would influence the judgement made by a reasonable user based on the financial
statements.
ARCHIVE


In performing an audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, I:

e Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.

e Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such
procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements.

e Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
opinion on the effectiveness of Springboard Landings, Inc.’s internal control. Accordingly, no such
opinion is expressed.

e Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant
accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the
financial statements.

e Conclude whether, in my judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate,
that raise substantial doubt about Springboard Landings, Inc.’s ability to continue as a going
concern for a reasonable period of time.

1 am required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other things, the
planned scope and timing of the audit, significant findings, and certain internal control related matters I
identified during the audit.
a a
Ke J: Mitchell

Certified Public Accountant
Nashville, Tennessee
February 21, 2024


SPRINGBOARD LANDINGS, INC.
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
DECEMBER 31, 2023
ASSETS
Current Assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,947,230
Investments: marketable securities 3,529
Prepaid expenses 4,713
Total current assets 1,955,472
Property
Land 707,743
Total assets $ 2,663,215
LIABILITIES AND NET ASSETS
Current Liabilities
Accounts payable $ 216
Total liabilities 216
Net Assets
Without donor restrictions 2,657,465
With donor restrictions 5,534
Total net assets 2,662,999
Total liabilities and net assets $ 2,663,215
See independent auditor's report and the
accompanying notes to financial statements.
-3-


SPRINGBOARD LANDINGS, INC.
STATEMENT OF ACTIVITIES
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023
Without Donor With Donor
Restrictions Restrictions Total
Public support and other revenue:
Contributions $ 176,809 $ 5,534 $ 182,343
Investment income 103,256 - 103,256
Total support and revenue 280,065 5,534 285,599
Expenses: supporting services
Payroll expense 75,614 - 75,614
Professional fees 5,503 - 5,503
Office rent 5,400 - 5,400
Employee benefits 4,000 - 4,000
Marketing and promotion 2,521 - 2,521
Software 2,434 - 2,434
Insurance 1,807 - 1,807
Property tax 1,447 - 1,447
Office supplies and expense 1,164 - 1,164
Miscellaneous 786 - 786
Bank and credit card fees 743 - 743
Dues and subscriptions 649 - 649
Maintenance 440 - 440
Total expenses: supporting services 102,508 - 102,508
Increase in net assets 177,557 5,534 183,091
Net assets, January 1, 2023 2,479,908 - 2,479,908
Net assets, December 31, 2023 $ 2,657,465 $ 5,534 $ 2,662,999
See independent auditor's report and the
accompanying notes to financial statements.
ahs
ARCHIVE


SPRINGBOARD LANDINGS, INC.
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023
Cash flows from operating activities:
Cash received from donors $ 167,162
Interest and dividends received 103,192
Cash disbursed for general supporting expenses (105,449)
Net cash provided by operating activities 164,905
Cash flows from investing activities:
Proceeds from the sale of marketable securities 15,263
Purchase of land (657,743)
Net cash used for investing activities (642,480)
Cash flows from financing activities: none
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (477,575)
Cash and cash equivalents at January 1, 2023 2,424,805
Cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2023 $ 1,947,230
Reconciliation of increase in net assets to net cash provided by
operating activities:
Increase in net assets $ 183,091
Adjustments to reconcile increase in net assets to net cash
provided by operating activities:
Contributed marketable securities (15,181)
Gain on sale of marketable securities (82)
Unrealized loss on marketable securities 18
Effect on cash from changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Prepaid expenses (3,157)
Accounts payable 216
Total adjustments (18,186)
Net cash provided by operating activities $ 164,905
Supplemental schedule of noncash investing and financing activities: none
See independent auditor's report and the
accompanying notes to financial statements.
-5-


SPRINGBOARD LANDINGS, INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER 31, 2023
Note 1 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Nature of Activities
Springboard Landings, Inc. (“the Organization”) is a 501(c)(3) public not-for-profit entity. The
Organization was formed to provide adults with developmental disabilities above the
intellectual disability range an option for independent living in a residential community-
centered atmosphere with a limited amount of support. The Organization operates in
Nashville, Tennessee and the majority of its activities are conducted in Nashville and the
surrounding area. The Organization is supported through donor contributions.
As of December 31, 2023, the Organization had not commenced program operations. The
Organization purchased land in Nashville in 2023 where it intends to develop a community
residence that would serve the Organization’s mission. The Organization contracted with an
architectural firm to draft plans that would meet the needs of its target beneficiaries. To
develop the property the Organization would need to secure additional financial resources
through funding or financing. There is a risk that the Organization will not be able to obtain
the financial resources necessary to develop the property.
Basis of Accounting
The financial statements of the Organization have been prepared on the accrual basis of
accounting and in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP)
promulgated in the United States of America for not-for-profit entities. Accordingly, the
financial statements reflect all significant receivables, payables, and other liabilities.
Basis of Presentation
The Organization reports information regarding its financial position and activities according
to two classes of net assets that are based upon the existence or absence of restrictions on use
that are placed by its donors: net assets without donor restrictions and net assets with donor
restrictions.

Net Assets Without Donor Restrictions — Net assets that are not subject to or are no

longer subject to donor-imposed stipulations.

Net Assets With Donor Restrictions — Net assets whose use is limited by donor-imposed

time and/or purpose restrictions.
When a donor’s restriction is satisfied, either by using the resources in the manner specified by
the donor or by the passage of time, the expiration of the restriction is reported in the financial
statements by reclassifying the net assets from net assets with donor restrictions to net assets
without donor restrictions.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain
reported amounts and disclosures. Accordingly, actual results could differ from those
estimates.

-6-


SPRINGBOARD LANDINGS, INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER 31, 2023
Note 1 — Continued

Cash and Cash Equivalents
For purposes of the statement of cash flows, the Organization considers all highly liquid
investments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.
Investments
Investments in marketable securities with readily determinable market values are recorded at
fair value. Unrealized and realized gains and losses on these investments are reported in the
statement of activities. Securities are held in a custodial investment account administered by a
financial institution.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The Organization’s financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents. The
recorded values of cash and cash equivalents approximate fair values based on their short-term
nature.
Fair Value Measurements
Generally accepted accounting principles provide a framework for measuring fair value. That
framework provides a hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to
measure fair value. Assets and liabilities that are required to be recorded at fair value in the
statement of financial position are categorized based on the inputs to valuation techniques as
follows:
Level 1. These are assets and liabilities where values are based on unadjusted quoted prices for
identical assets in an active market that the Organization has the ability to access. As of
December 31, 2023, these assets include common stocks and amounted to $3,529.
Level 2. These are assets and liabilities where values are based on the following inputs:

® Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets.

e Quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets.

e Inputs other than quoted prices those are observable for the asset or liability.

e Inputs which are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data

by correlation or other means.
Level 3. These are assets and liabilities where inputs to the valuation methodology are
unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.
As of December 31, 2023, the Organization had no assets or liabilities valued using Level 2 or
Level 3 inputs.
The fair value measurement level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level
of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
fi,


SPRINGBOARD LANDINGS, INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER 31, 2023
Note 1 — Continued
Leases
The Organization reports leases under ASC 842, which requires the Organization recognize
right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for all leases with a lease term of more than twelve
months. As of December 31, 2023, the Organization did not have a lease in effect with a term
greater than twelve months and has therefore not recorded a right-of-use asset or lease liability
related to any lease.
Contributed Services
The Organization, at times, may receive services donated in carrying out the Organization’s
purpose and these services could be substantial. No amounts have been reflected in the
financial statements for those services since they do not meet the criteria for recognition.
Donated Assets
Donated investments and other noncash donations are recorded as contributions at their fair
values at the date of the donation.
Compensated Absences
Employees of the Organization may be entitled to paid vacation, personal, and sick days off. It
is impractical to estimate the amount of compensation for future absences, and accordingly, no
liability has been reported in the accompanying financial statements. The Organization’s
policy is to recognize the cost of compensated absences when paid to employees.
Income Tax Status
The Organization is exempt from federal and state income taxes under Internal Revenue Code
Section 501(c)(3) and Tennessee Code Annotated Sec. 67-4-2007, respectively.
Note 2 - Management’s Review of Subsequent Events
The Organization’s management has performed a review of subsequent events through the date of
the review report, which is the date the financial statements were available to be issued.
Note 3 — Liquidity and Availability
The Organization has financial assets of $1,945,225 available within one year of the balance sheet
date to meet cash needs for general expenditures. The amount consists of cash and cash equivalents
of $1,947,230 and marketable securities of $3,529, reduced by donor restricted net assets of $5,534.
-8-


SPRINGBOARD LANDINGS, INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER 31, 2023
Note 4 — Concentration of Credit Risk .
The Organization maintains cash and cash equivalent balances that may, at times, exceed federally
insured limits. At December 31, 2023, the Organization’s cash and cash equivalents exceeded
insured limits by $1,819,732.
Note 5 — Investments: Marketable Securities
The following are the major categories of security investments measured at fair value at December
31, 2023 based on Level J valuation inputs.
Unrealized
Cost Fair Value Loss
Common stocks £9,869 £3,529 &_(6,340)
Note 6 — Net Assets with Donor Restrictions
Net assets with donor restrictions at December 31, 2023, are restricted for the following purpose:
Fundraising event $5,534
Note 7 — Lease
The Organization leases office space from an unrelated party on a month-to-month basis. Total
rent expense for the year ended December 31, 2023, amounted to $5,400.
Note 8 — Transactions with Board Members
The Organization received contributions totaling $36,182, for the year ended December 31, 2023,
from board members and parties related to board members.
-9-


ARCHIVE
