 
1
GRANT CONTRACT 
BETWEEN   
ARTS BUILD COMMUNITIES DESIGNATED AGENCY, 
Metropolitan Nashville Arts Commission  
AND 
Adventure Science Center Nashville 
 
This Grant Contract, by and between the Arts Build Communities (ABC) Designated Agency,  
Metropolitan Nashville Arts Commission, hereinafter referred to as the “ABC Designated Agency” and 
Adventure Science Center Nashville, hereinafter referred to as the “Grantee,” is for the provision of Arts 
Build Communities program services, as further defined in the "SCOPE OF SERVICES." 
 
Grantee Federal Employer Identification:  62-0479192 
Grantee Place of Incorporation or Organization:  Tennessee 
 
A. 
SCOPE OF SERVICES: 
 
A.1. 
Project in Accordance with Application. The Grantee shall plan and execute one or more arts 
projects for the purpose of expanding, improving and developing the arts in Tennessee in 
accordance with application number 25187 and the Grantee-submitted Revised Budget.   
 
A.2. 
Required Use of Tennessee Arts Commission and Designated Agency Logos.  All notices, 
informational pamphlets, press releases, research reports, signs, and similar public notices 
prepared and released by the Grantee shall include the Tennessee Arts Commission logo image 
supplied by the Tennessee Arts Commission, the original funding source for this grant, and any 
additional logo provided by the Metropolitan Nashville Arts Commission. 
 
 In addition, the Grantee is strongly encouraged to incorporate elements of the Arts License Plate 
Communications Toolkit at http://www.tn.gov/arts/ArtsPlate.html in agency communications 
including print advertising, websites, e-letters, social media, press releases, talking points and/or 
other mechanisms as may be determined effective by the Grantee. 
 
A.3. 
Use of Funds. The Grantee shall employ funds made available under these grants in accordance 
with the project/program submitted in application number 25187 (which is on file with the ABC 
Designated Agency) for Nashville Mini Maker Faire, subject to the policies of the State and to the 
standard state approved terms and conditions.  The Grantee, under the Grant Contract, will 
spend funds solely for the purpose set forth in application number 25187 and in the Grantee-
submitted Revised Budget, which replaces the grant budget within the original application. 
 
A.4.  
Eligibility Documentation. The Grantee shall provide all required materials establishing legal 
eligibility for funding to the ABC Designated Agency, including any updates during the grant 
period.  Required materials establishing legal eligibility for nonprofit entities include copy of 
charter, by-laws and determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service declaring the 
organization exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(c)(3) of the IRS Code. If a 
returning Grantee, these materials are assumed to be on file with the ABC Designated Agency, 
unless otherwise notified. A current copy of the Grantee’s Corporation Annual Report as required 
by the Secretary of State must be submitted each time an organization applies for an ABC grant. 
Government entities such as public schools, local government departments, public institutions of 
higher education and commissions, are exempt from this clause. 
 
B. 
GRANT CONTRACT TERM: 
 
 
This Grant Contract shall be effective for the period commencing on August 16, 2014, and ending 
on June 15, 2015.  The ABC Designated Agency shall have no obligation for services rendered 
by the Grantee which are not performed within the specified period. 
 
C. 
PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS:   
 
C.1. 
Maximum Liability.  In no event shall the maximum liability of the ABC Designated Agency under 
this Grant Contract exceed One Thousand Eight Hundred Forty  Dollars and No Cents($1840).   
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: F4C7AD1B-25C2-4C2A-B610-87140FBA47A0
ARCHIVE


 
2
C.2. 
Payment Methodology.  The Grantee shall be compensated for actual, reasonable, and 
necessary costs based upon the application and Revised Budget, not to exceed the maximum 
liability established in Section C.1. Upon progress toward the completion of the work, as 
described in Section A of this Grant Contract, the Grantee shall submit Request for Funds Forms 
and other required documentation prior to any reimbursement of allowable costs.   
 
Funds may be drawn down in up to two (2) installments. Payment to the Grantee shall be an 
amount equal to forty percent (40%) of the total Grant amount paid in advance upon approval of 
this Grant Contract and receipt of an initial Request for Funds form by the ABC Designated 
Agency. An Itemized Expenditures sheet (part of the Request for Funds in the online eGrants 
Final Evaluation form) must be included with the Final Evaluation. An Itemized Expenditures 
sheet is not required with a first request in an amount equal to or less than forty percent (40%) of 
the total grant.  
 
C.3. 
Travel Compensation.  Reimbursement to the Grantee for travel, meals, or lodging shall be 
subject to amounts and limitations specified in the "State Comprehensive Travel Regulations," as 
they are amended from time to time and shall be contingent upon and limited by the Grant Budget 
funding for said reimbursement. 
 
C.4. 
Requesting Funds. The Grantee shall not request funds from the ABC Designated Agency more 
than a total of two times during the grant period. To request funds, submit the official Request for 
Funds Form and other required documentation as outlined by the ABC Designated Agency to: 
 
Leigh Patton, Community Arts Manager 
Metropolitan Nashville Arts Commission 
 
PO Box 196300 
Nashville, TN 37219-6300 
 
Telephone # (615) 862-6744 
FAX # (615) 862-6731 
 
The Grantee agrees that timeframe for reimbursement begins when the ABC Designated Agency 
is in receipt of each invoice meeting the minimum requirements above. 
 
C.5. 
Budget Line-items.  Expenditures, reimbursements, and payments under this Grant Contract shall 
adhere to the Revised Budget.  The Grantee may request revisions of Revised Budget line-items 
by letter, giving full details supporting such request, provided that such revisions do not result in 
funding for a line-item that was previously funded at zero dollars ($0.00) and do not increase the 
total Grant amount.  Revised Budget line-item revisions may not be made without prior, written 
approval of the ABC Designated Agency in which the terms of the approved revisions are 
explicitly set forth.   
 
C.6. 
Disbursement Reconciliation and Close Out.  The Grantee shall submit a final Evaluation 
documenting a full accounting of disbursements that are in agreement with the Revised Budget 
and examples of credit given to the Tennessee Arts Commission for funding, within thirty (30) 
days of the project end date or June 15, 2015, whichever is earlier.   
 
The ABC Designated Agency shall not be responsible for any payments requested after June 15, 
2015. 
 
D. 
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS: 
 
D.1. 
Modification and Amendment.  This Grant Contract may be modified only by a written amendment 
executed by all parties hereto and approved by the appropriate Tennessee Arts Commission 
officials in accordance with applicable Tennessee State laws and regulations. 
 
D.2. 
Termination for Cause.  If the Grantee fails to properly perform its obligations under this Grant 
Contract in a timely or proper manner, or if the Grantee violates any terms of this Grant Contract, 
the ABC Designated Agency shall have the right to immediately terminate the Grant Contract and 
withhold payments in excess of fair compensation for completed services.  Notwithstanding the 
above, the Grantee shall not be relieved of liability to the ABC Designated Agency for damages 
DocuSign Envelope ID: F4C7AD1B-25C2-4C2A-B610-87140FBA47A0
ARCHIVE


 
3
sustained by virtue of any breach of this Grant Contract by the Grantee to the extent allowed 
under the laws or Constitution of the State of Tennessee. 
 
D.3. 
Conflicts of Interest.  The Grantee warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount shall be paid 
directly or indirectly to an employee or official of the State of Tennessee as wages, 
compensation, or gifts in exchange for acting as an officer, agent, employee, subcontractor, or 
consultant to the Grantee in connection with any work contemplated or performed relative to this 
Grant Contract.   
 
 
a.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Metropolitan Nashville Arts Commission may contract with 
an entity for which a current employee of a State of Tennessee public higher education institution 
is providing art-related professional services as an employee or independent contractor outside 
his/her hours of state employment, provided that such outside employment does not conflict with 
applicable law or the public higher education institution’s rules, policies, or guidelines. 
 
D.4. 
Lobbying.  The Grantee certifies, to the best of its knowledge and belief, that:  
 
a. 
No federal appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid, by or on behalf of the 
undersigned, to any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or 
employee of an agency, a Member of Congress, an officer or employee of Congress, or 
an employee of a Member of Congress in connection with the awarding of any Federal 
contract, the making of any Federal grant, the making of any federal loan, the entering 
into of any cooperative agreement, and the extension, continuation, renewal, 
amendment, or modification of any federal contract, grant, loan, or cooperative 
agreement. 
 
b. 
If any funds other than federal appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid to any 
person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any agency, a 
Member of Congress, an officer or employee of Congress, or an employee of a Member 
of Congress in connection with this contract, grant, loan, or cooperative agreement, the 
Grantee shall complete and submit Standard Form-LLL, ``Disclosure Form to Report 
Lobbying,'' in accordance with its instructions. 
 
c. 
The Grantee shall require that the language of this certification be included in the award 
documents for all sub-awards at all tiers (including subcontracts, sub-grants, and 
contracts under grants, loans, and cooperative agreements) and that all subrecipients 
shall certify and disclose accordingly.   
 
This certification is a material representation of fact upon which reliance was placed when this 
transaction was made or entered into and is a prerequisite for making or entering into this 
transaction imposed by section 1352, title 31, U.S. Code. 
 
D.5. 
Nondiscrimination.  The Grantee hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person shall be 
excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination 
in the performance of this Grant Contract or in the employment practices of the Grantee on the 
grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other classification 
protected by Federal, Tennessee State constitutional, or statutory law.  The Grantee shall, upon 
request, show proof of such nondiscrimination and shall post in conspicuous places, available to 
all employees and applicants, notices of nondiscrimination. 
 
D.6. 
Public Accountability.  If the Grantee is subject to Tennessee Code Annotated, Title 8, Chapter 4, 
Part 4 or if this Grant Contract involves the provision of services to citizens by the Grantee on 
behalf of the State, the Grantee agrees to establish a system through which recipients of services 
may present grievances about the operation of the service program, and the Grantee shall 
display in a prominent place, located near the passageway through which the public enters in 
order to receive Grant supported services, a sign at least twelve inches (12") in height and 
eighteen inches (18") in width stating: 
 
NOTICE:  THIS AGENCY IS A RECIPIENT OF TAXPAYER FUNDING. IF YOU OBSERVE AN 
AGENCY DIRECTOR OR EMPLOYEE ENGAGING IN ANY ACTIVITY WHICH YOU CONSIDER 
DocuSign Envelope ID: F4C7AD1B-25C2-4C2A-B610-87140FBA47A0
ARCHIVE


 
4
TO BE ILLEGAL, IMPROPER, OR WASTEFUL, PLEASE CALL THE STATE COMPTROLLER’S 
TOLL-FREE HOTLINE:  1-800-232-5454 
 
D.7. 
Public Notice.  All notices, informational pamphlets, press releases, research reports, signs, and 
similar public notices prepared and released by the Grantee shall include the statement, “This 
project is funded under an agreement with the TENNESSEE ARTS COMMISSION.”  Any such 
notices by the Grantee shall be approved by the State. 
 
D.8. 
Records.  The Grantee (and any approved subcontractor) shall maintain documentation for all 
charges under this Contract. The books, records, and documents of the Grantee (and any 
approved subcontractor), insofar as they relate to work performed or money received under this 
Contract, shall be maintained for a period of three (3) full years from the date of the final payment 
and shall be subject to audit at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by the state 
agency, the Comptroller of the Treasury, or their duly appointed representatives.  The records of 
not-for-profit entities shall be maintained in accordance with the Accounting Manual for the 
Recipients of Grant Funds in the State of Tennessee, published by the Tennessee Comptroller of 
the Treasury (available at http://comptroller.state.tn.us/ma/nonprofit/nonprofit1.pdf).  The financial 
statements shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
D.9. 
Monitoring.  The Grantee’s activities conducted and records maintained pursuant to this Grant 
Contract shall be subject to monitoring and evaluation by the State, the Comptroller of the 
Treasury, or their duly appointed representatives. 
 
D.10. 
Progress Reports.  The Grantee shall submit brief, periodic, progress reports to the ABC 
Designated Agency as requested. 
 
D.11. 
ABC Designated Agency Liability.  The ABC Designated Agency shall have no liability except as 
specifically provided in this Grant Contract. 
 
D.12. 
Force Majeure.  The obligations of the parties to this Grant Contract are subject to prevention by 
causes beyond the parties’ control that could not be avoided by the exercise of due care 
including, but not limited to, acts of God, natural disasters, riots, wars, epidemics or any other 
similar cause. 
 
E. 
SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS:  
 
E.1. 
Conflicting Terms and Conditions.  Should any of these special terms and conditions conflict with 
any other terms and conditions of this Grant Contract, these special terms and conditions shall 
control.  
 
E.2. 
Communications and Contacts.  Grantee may contact the ABC Designated Agency directly with 
any questions, changes or requests via first-class mail, courier, email, fax or phone. Some 
documentation must be submitted in writing with original signatures as required by the ABC 
Designated Agency or the Tennessee Arts Commission 
 
The ABC Designated Agency: 
 
Leigh Patton, Community Arts Manager 
Metropolitan Nashville Arts Commission 
 
PO Box 196300 
Nashville, TN 37219-6300 
 
Telephone # (615) 862-6744 
FAX # (615) 862-6731 
 
Email: leigh.patton@nashville.gov 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: F4C7AD1B-25C2-4C2A-B610-87140FBA47A0
ARCHIVE


 
5
The Grantee: 
 
Tim Sears,  
Adventure Science Center Nashville 
800 Fort Negley Blvd. 
 
Nashville, TN  37203-4833 
 
tsears@adventuresci.org 
Telephone #  615-862-5160 
FAX #  615-862-5178 
 
All instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other communications shall be considered 
effectively given upon receipt or recipient confirmation as may be required. 
 
E.3. 
Subject to Funds Availability.  The Grant Contract is subject to the appropriation and availability of 
State and/or Federal funds.  In the event that the funds are not appropriated or are otherwise not 
made available to the ABC Designated Agency, the ABC Designated Agency reserves the right to 
terminate the Grant Contract upon written notice to the Grantee.  Said termination shall not be 
deemed a breach of Contract by the ABC Designated Agency.  Upon receipt of the written notice, 
the Grantee shall cease all work associated with the Grant Contract.  Should such an event 
occur, the Grantee shall be entitled to compensation for all satisfactory and authorized services 
completed as of the termination date.  Upon such termination, the Grantee shall have no right to 
recover from the ABC Designated Agency any actual, general, special, incidental, consequential, 
or any other damages whatsoever of any description or amount.  The preceding sentence does 
not apply to any institutions of Tennessee state government. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: F4C7AD1B-25C2-4C2A-B610-87140FBA47A0
ARCHIVE


 
1
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF: 
GRANTEE LEGAL ENTITY NAME:   
 
Grantee Signature 
DATE 
 
Printed Name And Title Of Grantee Signatory (Above)  
Metropolitan Nashville Arts Commission: 
 
Jennifer G. Cole, Executive Director 
DATE 
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS: 
 
Director, Department of Finance 
DATE 
APPROVED AS TO RISK AND INSURANCE: 
 
Director, Risk Management Services 
DATE 
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY: 
 
Metropolitan Attorney 
DATE 
FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE METROPOLITAN CLERK: 
 
Metropolitan Clerk 
DATE 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: F4C7AD1B-25C2-4C2A-B610-87140FBA47A0
Adventure Science Center Nashville
Susan B. Duvenhage, President & CEO
9/2/2014 
9/2/2014 
9/9/2014 
9/9/2014 
9/9/2014 
9/9/2014 
ARCHIVE


 
 
 
 
Payment request submitted to: 
  
 
 
 
Metropolitan Nashville Arts Commission 
 
PO Box 196300 
Nashville, TN 37219-6300 
 
Telephone # (615) 862-6314 
FAX # (615) 862-6731 
 
Email: kana.gaines@nashville.gov  
 
 
Grantee Organization: Adventure Science Center Nashville 
FY15 ABC Project Title: Nashville Mini Maker Faire 
Arts Build Communities application/grant ID #: 25187 
Please pay 40% of FY15 ABC Grant Award: $1840.00 
 
 
INVOICE AMOUNT: $736.00 
 
 
 
Remit payment to: 
 
Tim Sears 
Adventure Science Center Nashville 
800 Fort Negley Blvd. 
 
Nashville TN  37203-4833 
 
 
 
For Metro Arts’ Use Only 
Approved 
BU.OA 
Workflow 
Vendor Number 
Invoice Number 
Date 
 
41310260.505320 
41105000 
 
<ABCID>01 
 
 
Arts Builds Communities (ABC) 
 
Request for 40% Advance Payment 
DocuSign Envelope ID: F4C7AD1B-25C2-4C2A-B610-87140FBA47A0
ARCHIVE
