Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Morning Star Sanctuary Contract # 
L ''/O 
September 14, 2018
GRANT CONTRACT
BETWEEN THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
AND MORNING STAR SANCTUARY
This Grant Contract issued and entered into pursuant to RS2018-1330 by and between the Metropoiitan
Government of Nashviile and Davidson County, a municipai corporation of the State of Tennessee
hereinafter referred to as "Metro", and Morning Star Sanctuary hereinafter referred to as the "Recipient,"
is for the provision of, as further defined in the "SCOPE OF PROGRAM."
A. 
SCOPE OF PROGRAM:
A.1. 
SCOPE OF PROGRAM:
A.1. 
The Recipient wiii use the funds for the following;
A.2. 
The Recipient must spend these funds consistent with their proposed use in the recipient's
funding application, hereinafter referred to as the Grant Spending Plan, attached and
incorporated herein as Attachment 1. The Recipient must collect data to evaluate the
effectiveness of their services and must provide those results to Metro upon request.
A.3. 
The Recipient will only utilize these funds for services the Recipient provides to documented
residents of Davidson County. Documentation of residency may be established with a recent
utility bill; voter's registration card; driver's license or other government issued-ID; current record
from a school showing address; affidavit by landlord; or.affidavlt by a nonprofit treatment, shelter,
half-way house, or homeless assistance entity located within Davidson County. Recipient agrees
that it wiii not use Metro funding for services to non-Davidson County residents.
A.4. 
Additionally, the Recipient must collect data on the primary county of residence of the clients it
serves and provide that data to Metro upon request.
B. 
GRANT CONTRACT TERM:
B.1. 
Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant shall be for a period of twelve (12) months,
commencing on August 8, 2018 and ending on June 30, 2019. Metro shall have no obligation
for services rendered by the Recipient which are not performed within this term.
C. 
PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
C.1. 
Maximum Liabilltv. In no event shall the maximum liability of Metro under this Grant Contract
exceed fifty thousand dollars ($50,000.00). The Grant Spending Plan, attached and incorporated
herein as part of Attachment 1, shall constitute the maximum amount to be provided to the
Recipient by Metro for ail of the Recipient's obligations hereunder. The Grant Spending Plan line
items include, but are not limited to, ail applicable taxes, fees, overhead, and ail other direct
program costs Incurred or to be incurred by the Recipient during the contract term.
This amount shall constitute the Grant Amount and the entire compensation to be provided to the
Recipient by Metro.
C.2. 
Compensation Firm. The maximum^ liability of Metro is not subject to escalation for any reason..
The Grant Spending Plan amount is firm for the duration of the Grant Contract and is not subject
to escalation for any reason unless the grant contract Is amended.
C.3. 
Pavment Methodology. The Recipient shall be compensated on a reimbursement basis for actual
direct program costs based upon the Grant Spending Plan, not to exceed the maximum liability
established in Section C.I.
1
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Morning Star Sanctuary Contract # 
L-'^O^X- 
August 21, 2018
All Invoices shall be sent to Andrew Sullivan at AndrewCSullivan@jis.nashville.org. Said payment
shall not exceed the maximum liability of this Grant Contract.
Documentation to serve as proof of delivered services of a kind and type as specified for the
Recipient by the Office of Family Safety personnel must accompany submission of invoices in
order to be eligible for payment. Generally, Invoices for reimbursement will be accepted on a
quarterly basis, but the Office of Family Safety personnel will consider written requests for
monthly reimbursement and advise Recipient If approved. Final invoices for the contract period
must be received by July 15, 2019. Any invoice not received by the deadline date will not be
processed and all remaining grant funds will expire.
C.4. 
Annual Expenditure Report. The Recipient must submit a final grant Annual Expenditure Report,
to be received by the Office of Family Safety, within 45 days of the end of the Grant Contract.
Said report shall be in form and substance acceptable to Metro and shall be prepared by a
Certified Public Accounting Firm or the Chief Financial Officer of the Recipient Organization.
C.5. 
Pavment of Invoice. The payment of any invoice by Metro shall not prejudice Metro's right to
object to the invoice or any matter in relation thereto. Such payment by Metro shall neither be
construed as acceptance of any part of the work or service provided nor as an approval of any of
the costs included therein.
C.6. 
Unallowable Costs. The Recipient's invoice shall be subject to reduction for amounts Included In
any invoice or payment theretofore made which are determined by Metro, on the basis of audits
or monitoring conducted in accordance with the terms of this Grant Contract, to constitute
unallowable costs. Utilization of Metro funding for services to non-Davidson County residents is
unallowable.
C.7. 
Deductions. Metro reserves the right to adjust any amounts which are or shall become due and
payable to the Recipient by Metro under this or any Contract by deducting any amounts which are
or shall become due and payable to Metro by the Recipient under this or any Contract.
C.8. 
Travel Compensation. Payment to the Recipient for travel, meals, or lodging shall be subject to
amounts and limitations specified in Metro's Travel Regulations and subject to the Grant
Spending Plan.
C.9. 
Electronic Pavment. Metro requires as a condition of this contract that the Recipient shall
complete and sign Metro's form authorizing electronic payments to the Recipient. Recipients who
have not already submitted the form to Metro will have thirty (30) days to complete, sign, and
return the form. Thereafter, all payments to the Recipient, under this or any other contract the
Recipient has with Metro, must be made electronically.
D. 
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
D.1. 
Required Approvals. Metro Is not bound by this Grant Contract until It Is approved by the
appropriate Metro representatives as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.
D.2. 
Modification and Amendment. This Grant Contract may be modified only by a written amendment
that has been approved in accordance with all Metro procedures and by appropriate legislation of
the Metropolitan Council.
D.3. 
Termination for Cause. Should the Recipient fail to properly perform its obligations under this
Grant Contract or if the Recipient violates any terms of this Grant Contract, Metro shall have the
right to immediately terminate the Grant Contract and the Recipient shall return to Metro any and
all grant monies for services or programs under the grant not performed as of the termination
date. The Recipient shall also return to Metro any and all funds expended for purposes contrary
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Morning Star Sanctuary Contract # 
A 
August 21, 2018
to the terms of the Grant. Such termination shaii not relieve the Recipient of any liability to Metro
for damages sustained by virtue of any breach by the Recipient.
D.4. 
Subcontracting. The Recipient shaii not assign this Grant Contract or enter into a subcontract for
any of the services performed under this Grant Contract without obtaining the prior written
approval of Metro. Notwithstanding any use of approved subcontractors, the Recipient shall be
considered the prime Recipient and shall be responsible for all work performed.
D.5. 
Conflicts of Interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount shall be paid
directly or indirectly to an employee or official of Metro as wages, compensation, or gifts in
exchange for acting as an officer, agent, employee, subcontractor, or consultant to the Recipient
in connection with any work contemplated or performed relative to this Grant Contract.
D.6. 
Nondiscrimination. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person shaii be
excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination
in the performance of this Grant Contract or in the employment practices of the Recipient on the
grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other classification
which is in violation of applicable laws. The Recipient shaii, upon request, show proof of such
nondiscrimination and shall post in conspicuous places, available to all employees and
applicants, notices of nondiscrimination.
D.7. 
Records. The Recipient shaii maintain documentation for all charges to Metro under this Grant
Contract. The books, records, and documents of the Recipient, insofar as they relate to work
performed or money received under this Grant Contract, shaii be maintained for a period of three
(3) full years from the date of the final payment or until the Recipient engages a licensed
independent public accountant to perform an audit of its activities. The books, records, and
documents of the Recipient insofar as they relate to work performed or money received under this
Grant Contract shall be subject to audit at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by
Metro or its duly appointed representatives. Records shall be maintained in accordance with the
standards outlined in the Metro Grants Manual. The financial statements shall be prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
D.8. 
Monitoring. The Recipient's activities corfducted and records maintained pursuant to this Grant
Contract shall be subject to monitoring and evaluation by the Office of Family Safety, the
Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability and/or Metro's duly appointed representatives.
The Recipient shall make all audit, accounting, or financial records, notes, and other documents
pertinent to this grant available for review by the Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability,
internal Audit or Metro's representatives, upon request, during normal working hours.
D.9. 
Reporting. The Recipient must submit an Interim Program Report, to be received by the Office of
Family Safety by no later than February 22,2019, and a Final Program Report, to be received
by the Office of Family Safety within 45 [forty-five] days of the end of the Grant Contract. Said
reports shall detail the Recipient's progress on each of the core performance measures identified
in the grant solicitation and any program specific and/or outcome measure identified in the
Recipient's Grant Spending Plan as funded under this Grant Contract.
D.10. Strict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist in any one or more cases upon the strict
performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement shall not
be construed as a waiver or reiinquishment of any such term, covenant, condition, or provision.
No term or condition of this Grant Contract shall be held to be waived, modified, or deleted except
by a written amendment by the appropriate parties as indicated on the signature page of this
Grant.
D.11. Insurance. The Recipient agrees to carry adequate public liability and other appropriate forms of
insurance, and to pay all applicable taxes incident to this Grant Contract.
D.12. Metro Liabilitv. Metro shaii have no liability except as specifically provided in this Grant Contract.
3
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Morning Star Sanctuary Contract # 
August 21, 2018
D. 13. Independent Contractor. Nothing herein shaii in any way be construed or intended to create a
partnership or joint venture between the Recipient and Metro or to create the relationship of
principai and agent between or among the Recipient and Metro. The Recipient shaii not hoid
itseif out in a manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph. Metro shall not become liable for
any representation, act, or omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph.
D. 14. Indemnification and Hold Harmless.
(a) Recipient shaii indemnify, defend, and hoid harmless Metro, its officers, agents and
employees from any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees for injuries or damages
arising, in part or in whole, from the negligent or intentional acts or omissions of Recipient, its
officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or independent contractors, in connection
with the performance of the contract, and any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney
fees arising from any failure of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub
or independent contractors, to observe applicable laws, including, but not limited to, labor laws
and minimum wage laws.
(b) Metro will not indemnify, defend or hold harmless in any fashion the Recipient from any
claims, regardless of any language in any attachment or other document that the Recipient may
provide.
(c) Recipient shaii pay Metro any expenses incurred as a result of Recipient's failure to fuifiii any
obligation in a professional and timely manner under this Contract.
(d) Grantee's duties under this section shall survive the termination or expiration of the grant.
0.15. Force Maieure. The obligations of the parties to this Grant Contract are subject to prevention by
causes beyond the parties' control that could not be avoided by the exercise of due care
including, but not limited to, acts of God, riots, wars, strikes, epidemics or any other similar cause.
D.16. State. Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with ail applicable federal,
state and local laws and regulations in the performance of this Grant Contract.
D.I 7. Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction and effect of this Grant Contract and any
and all extensions and/or modifications thereof shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The venue for legal action concerning this
Grant Contract shall be in the courts of Davidson County, Tennessee.
D.I8. Completeness. This Grant Contract is complete and contains the entire understanding between
the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein, including all the terms and conditions
of the parties' agreement. This Grant Contract supersedes any and all prior understandings,
representations, negotiations, and agreements between the parties relating hereto, whether
written or oral.
D.I9. Headings. Section headings are for reference purposes only and shall not be construed as part
of this Grant Contract.
D.20. Metro Interest in Eguipment. The Recipient shaii take legal title to ail equipment and to ail motor
vehicles, hereinafter referred to as "equipment," purchased totally or in part with funds provided
under this Grant Contract, subject to Metro's equitable interest therein, to the extent of its pro rata
share, based upon Metro's contribution to the purchase price. "Equipment" shaii be defined as
an article of nonexpendable, tangible, personal property having a useful life of more than one
year and an acquisition cost which equals or exceeds $5,000.00.
The Recipient agrees to be responsible for the accountability, maintenance, management, and
inventory of ail property purchased totally or in part with funds provided under this Grant Contract.
Upon termination of the Grant Contract, where a further contractual relationship is not entered
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Morning Star Sanctuary Contract # 
L. 
August 21, 2018
into, or at any time during the term of the Grant Contract, the Recipient shall request written
approval from Metro for any proposed disposition of equipment purchased with Grant funds. All
equipment shall be disposed of in such a manner as parties may agree as appropriate and in
accordance with any applicable federal, state or local laws or regulations.
D. 21. Assignment—Consent Required. The provisions of this contract shall inure to the benefit of and
shall be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Except for
the rights of money due to Recipient under this contract, neither this contract nor any of the rights
and obligations of Recipient hereunder shall be assigned or transferred in whole or in part without
the prior written consent of Metro. Any such assignment or transfer shall not release Recipient
from its obligations hereunder. Notice of assignment of any rights to money due to Recipient
under this Contract must be sent to the attention of the Metro Department of Finance.
D.22. Gratuities and Kickbacks, it shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or
agree to give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to
solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a gratuity or an offer of
employment in connection with any decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation,
preparations of any part of a program requirement or a purchase request, influencing the content
of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any
other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim
or controversy in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or
controversy or other particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or
subcontract or to any solicitation or proposal therefore. It shall be a breach of ethical standards
for any payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor
under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or a person associated
therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach of the provisions of
this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of ethical standards which may
result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or suspension from participation in
Metropolitan Government contracts.
D.23. Communications and Contacts. Ail instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other
communications from the Recipient required or contemplated by this Grant Contract shall be in
writing and shall be made by facsimile transmission, or by first class mail, addressed to the
respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or address as set forth below or to such
other party, facsimile number, or address as may be hereafter specified by written notice.
Metro
For contract-related matters inquiries regarding invoices;
Andrew Sullivan (615) 862-5072
Diane Lance (615)880-3173
Recipient:
Gena Hull
Coordinator of Community Programs
Morning Star Sanctuary
P.O. Box 568
Madison, TN 37116
D.24. Lobbvinq. The Recipient certifies, to the best of its knowledge and belief, that:
a. 
No federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid, by or on behalf of the
Recipient, to any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Morning Star Sanctuary Contract # 
August 21, 2018
of any agency, a Member of Congress in connection with the awarding of any federal
contract, the making of any federal grant, the making of any federal loan, and entering
into of any cooperative agreement, and the extension, continuation, renewal,
amendment, or modification of any federal contract, grant, loan, or cooperative
agreement.
b. 
If any funds other than federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid to any
person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any agency, a
Member of Congress, an officer or employee of Congress, or an employee of a Member
of Congress in connection with this grant, loan, or cooperative agreement, the Recipient
shall complete and submit Standard Form-LLL, "Disclosure Form to Report Lobbying," in
accordance with its instructions.
c. 
The Recipient shall require that the language of this certification be included in the award
documents for all sub-awards at all tiers (including sub-grants, subcontracts, and
contracts under grants, loans, and cooperative agreements) and that all subcontractors of
federally appropriated funds shall certify and disclose accordingly.
Effective Date. This contract shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed first by the
Recipient and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government and has been
filed in the office of the Metropolitan Clerk. When it has been so signed and filed, this contract shall
be effective as of the date first written above.
(THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK)
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Morning Star Sanctuary Contract # 
L - 
August 21, 2018
THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON
COUNTY:
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF
FUNDS:
ij-
Director o' Finance
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND
LEGALITY
Metropolifen Attorney
FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE CLERK:
Metropolitan Clerk
SEP 2 0 2018
RECIPIENT:
Bv:
Title:
Sworn to and subscribed to before me a Notary
Pubiic, this;?y^av
of 
2011
Notary Public
STATi
OF
FtUBlUg;
*=> VJ o
O
^
Pli IIS! l'(i^
M^Commission expires WiJ^ L . 
O
O
i I
ARCHIVE


Community Partnership Fund: Domestic Violence Grant Opportunity Proposal Form
Project Name:
MORNING STAR SANCTUARY, 
INC.
Contact Name
Gena Hull
Contact Organization
Morning Star Sanctuary
Contact e-mail; phone
615-860-5212
Funding Requested:
S50,000
1. What is the primary goal of your project (e.g. crisis shelter, transitional housing, civil-legal
advocacy/representation or awareness)?
Emergency Crisis Shelter. Morning Star is 16 bed crisis shelter for victims of domestic violence who are in
imminent danger. Currently two buildings on the Morning Star property are being renovated which will
allow an additional 16/18 beds. This will bring the total to 32/34 beds and should be operational by the end
of March. 2018. Morning Star's primary goal for victims housed during the 2018/19 grant year is 340
(women, children, & 
men).
2. List and describe the secondary goals that you will set in order to obtain your primary goal.
In 2017, Morning Star housed 195 clients in the 16 bed crisis shelter. An additional 16/18 beds should allow
for at least 145 additional victims to be housed in 2018/19.
Secondary goals are:
•
 Incorporate Lethality Assessment tool to be used in shelter, phone counseling, support groups
• Morning Star's advocates at JCAC and Night Court will assist 1,800 clients with their OOPs
Case Management will assist 200 clients in finding housing and employment.
3. List and describe specific activities that yon will perform to accomplish each secondary goal. Assign a
date for achievement of each activity,
Activities performed by Morning Star staff will be:
•
 Train staff to properly utilize Lethality Assessment tool
•
 Advocates will be available at JCAC & 
Night Court office to assist clients with Orders of Protection
•
 Case Managers will be available to assist clients in obtaining housing, employment, setting goals
•
 
Counselors will be available to assist adults and children in the healing process
4. List and describe each outcome that will be achieved as a result of this project and how each outcome will
be measured for progress and/or success.
Outcomes will be:
•
 Additional bed space will allow for more high risk clients referred from JCAC & DV Division
•
 Increase identification of high risk clients through use of risk assessment tool
•
 Increase staff members trained to use the high risk assessment tool, in connseling and intakes
• Morning Star's staff is required to survey all clients to measure progress and success
•
 
Children's counselors measure progress by surveying parents, teachers, guardians
5. Explain how this project is achievable — how your organization has the necessaiy knowledge, experience,
resources and community partners for this project. Include description of similar project and or positions
Avithin your organization. Include how you have worked with Metro's Office of Family Safety.
Morning Star's staff maintains the necessary knowledge needed to achieve goals and objectives by attending
trainings and conferences, meeting Avith community partners and requiring ncAV hires to have experience in
the field of domestic violence, as well as the educational background and dedication to do the work
described in this grant application.
The HOPE Children's Counseling Program Avas founded in 2008 to counsel child victims of domestic
violence from the community, referred by other programs and/or DCS, as Avell as children in our shelter.
ARCHIVE


Our current children's counselor is a certified Metro School Counselor who works with our children
afternoons and weekends. This is a very successful project within Morning Star's scope of services.
Morning Star's partnership with JCAC has been a very positive one that we hope to continue. We send an
advocate to their office 5 afternoons a week to assist with petitions for Orders of Protection. This relieves
their staff for meetings, debriefing, etc. This partnership began when JCAC opened and has continued
through the years. Morning Star will provide staff to assist at Metro's Office of Family Safety as needed.
Several Morning Star staff attended the Jacquelyn Campbell training provided by Metro and are excited to
teach other staff about screening for risk of intimate partner homicide.
6. Describe your team's experience and management plan for the proposal.
The Morning Star team's experience, education level and management plan.
Ashley Heath, Residential Manager, Master's Degree in Mental Health Counseling, 5 years DV experience
Amy Jarrell, Case Manager, Bachelor's Degree in Early Childhood Development, 10 years DV experience
Shannon Pierce, Court Advocate, Bachelor's Degree in Non-Profit Management, 2 years DV experience
Michael Triplett, Court Advocate, Master's Degree in Counseling, 2 years DV experience
Melna Fulbright, Counselor, Master's Degree in Counseling, 20 years experience
Amie Crolley, Children's Counselor, Master's Degree in Counseling, 6 years experience in Metro Schools
Melanie Taylor, Bachelor's Degree in Criminal Justice, 8 yrs DV experience, 20 yrs Probation Officer
Ashley Heath and Amy Jarrell will serve as management for the crisis shelters.
Shannon Pierce, Michael Triplett and Melanie Taylor will serve as management for the court program
Melna Fulbright will serve as adult counselor, will provide support groups weekly for shelter, community
Amie Crolley will serve as children's counselor, will provide individual & 
groups for children weekly
7. Describe how you will monitor the project including the operations and budget. Include the name and
position of the persons(s) with monitoring responsibility.
Each team member will be responsible for monitoring their project's monthly operations and statistics.
Their information will be reported to Yolanda Flakes, Administrative Assistant, to be compiled at the end of
each month. This report will go to Gena Hull, Interim Director, to be checked for accuracy and kept for
interim and annual reporting. Randy Butler, CFO, will be responsible for monitoring budgets.
8. Describe your proposal's timeline to completion with key milestones of accomplishments
Morning Star's timeline for completion will be the 2018-19 grant year which ends June 30,2019. There will
be an interim report ending December 31,2018 to show that we are on track with goals and achievements.
Should we fall short on goals set, this will allow us time to improve and/or make changes that will put us
back on track and keep us there.
9. Explain how this funding increases your organization's current efforts towards the primary goal. Note:
Funds should not be used to shift existing resources away from the primary goal. If existing funds are
already being invested in the primary goal, CPF funds should be additive.
ARCHIVE


The CPF funding will increase our current efforts in reaching our primary goals by adding to existing funds
being provided to renovate, improve and add shelter bed space. No funds will be shifted away from the
primary goal. Existing funds are already being invested in doubling our bed spacer This is our primary goal
and CPF funding will be a much needed enhancement. Also, CPF funds will pay a staff salary for one of
Morning Star's secondary goals in order to continue our partnership with the JCAC*
10. Describe how the funds will be used. Include dollars requested, total cost, budget estimates by category
(capital, operations, staff, etc.). Describe any in-kind contributions (dollars or other resources) including
partners, and recurring costs. Describe how you will ensure and document that only Davidson County
residents are served with CPF funds. 
^
Morning Star respectfully request at least S50,000 from CPF that will be used to pay one full-time staff
person's salary and payroll taxes in the amount of S37,259. This victim advocate will assist clients with their
petitions for Orders of Protection, safety planning and resource information in our Night Court satellite
office. The balance S12,741 will be applied to operations, counseling and supplies at the crisis shelter. This
will include phones and internet ($3,600), training materials & 
tools ($500), support group facilitator
($5,200), linens & 
pillows for new beds ($3,400).
Morning Star staff will ensure that our clients are Davidson County residents by recording their driver s
license, their last known address, where their children were in school, place of employment and any other
documentation showing a current address (light bill, etc). While our clients come from other states and
other countries, about 75% are Davidson County residents. Our shelter staff will keep a record of each
client and what county, state or country they resided in before coming to us.
ARCHIVE


METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
COMMUNITY PARTNERSHIP FUND SPENDING PLAN REVISION
RECIPIENT
MORNING STAR SANCTUARY, INC.
REVISION
Please send to: Trinity Weathersby 700 2nd Avenue South, Suite 201 Nashville, TN 37210
Please send a copy to : 
Brian Kelsey One Public Square, Suite 100 Nashville, TN 37201
THE FOLLOWING IS APPLICABLE TO EXPENSES INCURRED DURING THE CURRENT CONTRACT GRANT PERIOD.
EXPENSE OBJECT LINE-ITEM
CATEGORY
ORIGINAL
METRO GRANT
FUNDS
' 
REVISED
METRO GRANT
-FUNDS- ~
ORIGINAL
RECIPIENT
MATCH
(participation)
REVISED
RECIPIENT
.MATCH
ORIGINAL
TOTAL
PROJECT
REVISED TOTAL
^ . .PROJECT
Salaries and Wages
$34,611.00
X
-
 ,
$34,611.00
$0.00
Benefits and Taxes [(PERCENT)]
$2,648.00
$2,648.00
$0.00
Professional Fees
7
 . 
«
$0.00
$0.00
Support Group Facilitator
$5,200.00
$5,200.00
$0.00
Ptiones
$3,600.00
$3,600.00
$0.00
Training materials
$550.00
$550.00
$0.00
Linens & Pillows for additional beds
$3,400.00
$3,400.00
$0.00
Equipment Rental and Maintenance
-
^
 
-
$0-00
$0.00
Printing and Publications
c
 - ^ 
~ 
—
$0.00
$0.00
Travel/ Conferences and Meetings
'
 ,
$0.00
$0.00
Insurance
" 
^ 
—
$0.00
$0.00
Specific Assistance to Individuals
' 
~ 
t
$0.00
$0.00
Other Non-Personnel
*
$0.00
$0.00
GRAND TOTAL
$50,009.00
• $0:00
$0.00
-
 '-$0.00
$50)009.00 :
 $0:00
ARCHIVE
