KH - 3/079

Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nash and Davidson County and

Lutheran Services in Tennessee Contract # £-3 (2 February 5, 2014

GRANT CONTRACT
BETWEEN THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
AND
Lutheran Services in Tennessee

This Grant Contract issued and entered into pursuant to RS2013-881 by and between the Metropolitan

Government of Nashville and Davidson County, a municipal corporation of the State of Tennessee

hereinafter referred to as “Metro”, and Lutheran Services in Tennessee, hereinafter referred to as the

“Recipient,” is for the provision of, “providing individual raised bed gardens for families with children and

the elderly within the community,” as further defined in the "SCOPE OF PROGRAM." The recipient’s

audit is incorporated herein by reference.

A. SCOPE OF PROGRAM:

A.1. The Recipient shall use the funds to provide services to the citizens of Davidson County. ,
Incorporated into this contract is the program described in Attachment 1, the application
submitted by the Recipient and any of its amendments, which is attached hereto and made a part
thereof. The Recipient shall work toward the following outcomes:

“To provide the necessary equipment and supplies needed to build 10 individual raised bed
gardens, targeting families with children and the elderly.”

A2. These funds shall be expended consistent with the proposed budget, included in Attachment 1.
The Recipient shall collect data to evaluate the effectiveness of their services and provide those
results to Metro as requested.

A.3. _ The recipient shall utilize Metro funding only for services the Recipient provides to documented
residents of Davidson County. Documentation of residency shall be established with a recent
utility bill; voter's registration card; driver's license or other government issued-ID; current record
from a school showing address; affidavit by landlord; or affidavit by a nonprofit treatment, shelter,
half-way house, or homeless assistance entity located within Davidson County. Utilization of
Metro funding for services to non-Davidson County residents is unallowable.

A.4. _ Additionally, the recipient shall collect data on the primary county of residence of the clients it
serves and provide that data to Metro, upon request.

B. GRANT CONTRACT TERM:

B.1. Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant shall be for a period of ten (10) months,
commencing on July 1, 2013 and ending on April 30, 2014. Metro shall have no obligation for
services rendered by the Recipient which are not performed within this term.

Cc. PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

C.1._ Maximum Liability. In no event shall the maximum liability of Metro under this Grant Contract
exceed $2,800.00 dollars (two thousand eight hundred). The proposed budget, attached and
incorporated herein as part of Attachment 1, shall constitute the maximum amount to be provided
to the Recipient by Metro for all of the Recipient's obligations hereunder. The proposed budget
line items include, but are not limited to, all applicable taxes, fees, overhead, and all other direct
and indirect costs incurred or to be incurred by the Recipient.

This amount shall constitute the Grant Amount and the entire compensation to be provided to the
Recipient by Metro.
1


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and

Lutheran Services in Tennessee Contract # 2-313 4 February 5, 2014

C.2. Compensation Firm. The maximum liability of Metro is not subject to escalation for any reason.
The Grant proposed budget amount is firm for the duration of the Grant Contract and is not
subject to escalation for any reason unless the grant contract is amended.

C.3. Payment Methodology. The Recipient shall be compensated for actual costs based upon the
proposed budget, not to exceed the maximum liability established in Section C.1.

Upon progress toward the completion of the work, as described in Section A of this Grant
Contract, the Recipient shall submit invoices to demonstrate that the funds are used as required
by this Grant, prior to any payment for allowable costs. Such invoices shall be submitted and
indicate at a minimum the amount charged by proposed budget line-item for the period invoiced,
the amount charged by line-item to date, the total amount charged for the period invoiced, and
the total amount charged under this Grant Contract to date.

All invoices shall be sent to Metro Payment Services, PO Box 196301, Nashville TN 37219-
6301. Said payment shail not exceed the maximum liability of this Grant Contract.

Final invoices for the contract period should be received by Metro Payment Services by May 14,
2014. Any invoice not received by the deadline date will not be processed and all remaining
grant funds will expire.

C.4. Expenditure Report. The Recipient shall submit a final grant Expenditure Report at the end of the
Grant Contract. Said report shall be in form and substance acceptable to Metro and shall be
prepared by the Chief Executive Officer of the Recipient Organization.

C.5. Payment of Invoice. The payment of any invoice by Metro shall not prejudice Metro’s right to
object to the invoice or any matter in relation thereto. Such payment by Metro shall neither be
construed as acceptance of any part of the work or service provided nor as an approval of any of
the costs included therein.

C.6.  Unallowable Costs. The Recipient's invoice shall be subject to reduction for amounts included in
any invoice or payment theretofore made which are determined by Metro, on the basis of audits
or monitoring conducted in accordance with the terms of this Grant Contract, to constitute
unallowable costs. Utilization of Metro funding for services to non-Davidson County residents is
unallowable.

C.7. Deductions. Metro reserves the right to adjust any amounts which are or shall become due and

: payable to the Recipient by Metro under this or any Contract by deducting any amounts which are
or shall become due and payable to Metro by the Recipient under this or any Contract.

C.8. Travel Compensation. Payment to the Recipient for travel, meals, or lodging shall be subject to
amounts and limitations specified in Metro's Travel Regulations and subject to the Grant
proposed budget.

C.9. Electronic Payment. Metro requires as a condition of this contract that the Recipient shall
complete and sign Metro's form authorizing electronic payments to the Recipient. Recipients who
have not already submitted the form to Metro will have thirty (30) days to complete, sign, and
return the form. Thereafter, all payments to the Recipient, under this or any other contract the
Recipient has with Metro, must be made electronically.

D. STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

D.1. Required Approvals. Metro is not bound by this Grant Contract until it is approved by the
appropriate Metro representatives as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.

2


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and

Lutheran Services in Tennessee Contract # 4-313 February 5, 2014

D.2. Modification and Amendment. This Grant Contract may be modified only by a written amendment
that has been approved in accordance with all Metro procedures and by appropriate legislation of
the Metropolitan Council.

D.3. Termination for Cause. Should the Recipient fail to properly perform its obligations under this
Grant Contract or if the Recipient violates any terms of this Grant Contract, Metro shall have the
right to immediately terminate the Grant Contract and the Recipient shall return to Metro any and
all grant monies for services or programs under the grant not performed as of the termination
date. The Recipient shall also return to Metro any and all funds expended for purposes contrary
to the terms of the Grant. Such termination shall not relieve the Recipient of any liability to Metro
for damages sustained by virtue of any breach by the Recipient.

D.4. Subcontracting. The Recipient shall not assign this Grant Contract or enter into a subcontract for
any of the services performed under this Grant Contract without obtaining the prior written
approval of Metro. Notwithstanding any use of approved subcontractors, the Recipient shall be
considered the prime Recipient and shall be responsible for all work performed.

D.5. Conflicts of Interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount shall be paid
directly or indirectly to an employee or official of Metro as wages, compensation, or gifts in
exchange for acting as an officer, agent, employee, subcontractor, or consultant to the Recipient
in connection with any work contemplated or performed relative to this Grant Contract.

D6. Nondiscrimination. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person shall be
excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination
in the performance of this Grant Contract or in the employment practices of the Recipient on the
grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other classification
which is in violation of applicable laws. The Recipient shall, upon request, show proof of such
nondiscrimination and shail post in conspicuous places, available to all employees and
applicants, notices of nondiscrimination.

D.7. Records. The Recipient shall maintain documentation for all charges to Metro under this Grant
Contract. The books, records, and documents of the Recipient, insofar as they relate to work
performed or money received under this Grant Contract, shall be maintained for a period of three
(3) full years from the date of the final payment or until the Recipient engages a licensed
independent public accountant to perform an audit of its activities. The books, records, and
documents of the Recipient insofar as they relate to work performed or money received under this
Grant Contract shall be subject to audit at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by
Metro or its duly appointed representatives. Records shall be maintained in accordance with the
standards outlined in the Metro Grants Manual. The financial statements shall be prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principies.

D.8. Monitoring. The Recipient's activities conducted and records maintained pursuant to this Grant
Contract shall be subject to monitoring and evaluation by The Metropolitan Office of Financial
Accountability or Metro’s duly appointed representatives. The Recipient shall make all audit,
accounting, or financial records, notes, and other documents pertinent to this grant available for
review by the Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability, Internal Audit or Metro's
representatives, upon request, during normal working hours.

D.9. Reporting. The Recipient shall submit a Final Program Report, no later than April 30, 2014. Said
reports shall detail the outcome of the activities funded under this Grant Contract.

D.10. Strict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist in any one or more cases upon the strict
performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement shall not
be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of any such term, covenant, condition, or provision.

3
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Lutheran Services in Tennessee Contract # 4-3) 3 February 5, 2014
No term or condition of this Grant Contract shall be held to be waived, modified, or deleted except
by a written amendment by the appropriate parties as indicated on the signature page of this
Grant.

D.11. Insurance. The Recipient agrees to carry adequate public liability and other appropriate forms of
insurance, and to pay all applicable taxes incident to this Grant Contract.

D.12. Metro Liability. Metro shall have no liability except as specifically provided in this Grant Contract.

D. 13. Independent Contractor. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to create a
partnership or joint venture between the Recipient and Metro or to create the relationship of
principal and agent between or among the Recipient and Metro. The Recipient shall not hold
itself out in a manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph. Metro shall not become liable for
any representation, act, or omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph.

D. 14. Indemnification and Hold Harmless.

(a) Recipient shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Metro, its officers, agents and
employees from any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees for injuries or damages
arising, in part or in whole, from the negligent or intentional acts or omissions of Recipient, its
officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or independent contractors, in connection
with the performance of the contract, and any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney
fees arising from any failure of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub
or independent contractors, to observe applicable laws, including, but not limited to, labor laws
and minimum wage laws.

(b) Metro will not indemnify, defend or hold harmless in any fashion the Recipient from any
claims, regardiess of any language in any attachment or other document that the Recipient may
provide.

(c) Recipient shall pay Metro any expenses incurred as a result of Recipient's failure to fulfill any
obligation in a professional and timely manner under this Contract.

(d) Grantee’s duties under this section shall survive the termination or expiration of the grant.

D.15. Force Majeure. The obligations of the parties to this Grant Contract are subject to prevention by
causes beyond the parties’ control that could not be avoided by the exercise of due care
including, but not limited to, acts of God, riots, wars, strikes, epidemics or any other similar cause.

D.16. State, Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with all applicable federal,
state and local laws and regulations in the performance of this Grant Contract.

D.17. Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction and effect of this Grant Contract and any
and all extensions and/or modifications thereof shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The venue for legal action concerning this
Grant Contract shail be in the courts of Davidson County, Tennessee.

D.18. Completeness. This Grant Contract is complete and contains the entire understanding between
the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein, including all the terms and conditions
of the parties’ agreement. This Grant Contract supersedes any and all prior understandings,
representations, negotiations, and agreements between the parties relating hereto, whether
written or oral.

4


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and

Lutheran Services in Tennessee Contract # £-3 13 £ February 5, 2014

D.19. Headings. Section headings are for reference purposes only and shall not be construed as part
of this Grant Contract.

D.20. Metro Interest in Equipment. The Recipient shall take legal title to all equipment and to all motor
vehicles, hereinafter referred to as “equipment,” purchased totally or in part with funds provided
under this Grant Contract, subject to Metro's equitable interest therein, to the extent of its pro rata
share, based upon Metro's contribution to the purchase price. "Equipment" shall be defined as
an article of nonexpendable, tangible, personal property having a useful life of more than one
year and an acquisition cost which equals or exceeds $5,000.00.

The Recipient agrees to be responsible for the accountability, maintenance, management, and
inventory of all property purchased totally or in part with funds provided under this Grant Contract.
Upon termination of the Grant Contract, where a further contractual relationship is not entered
into, or at any time during the term of the Grant Contract, the Recipient shail request written
approval from Metro for any proposed disposition of equipment purchased with Grant funds. All
equipment shall be disposed of in such a manner as parties may agree as appropriate and in
accordance with any applicable federal, state or local laws or regulations.

D. 21. Assignment—Consent Required. The provisions of this contract shall inure to the benefit of and
shall be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Except for
the rights of money due to Recipient under this contract, neither this contract nor any of the rights
and obligations of Recipient hereunder shall be assigned or transferred in whole or in part without
the prior written consent of Metro. Any such assignment or transfer shall not release Recipient
from its obligations hereunder. Notice of assignment of any rights to money due to Recipient
under this Contract must be sent to the attention of the Metro Department of Finance.

D.22. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or
agree to give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to
solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a gratuity or an offer of
employment in connection with any decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation,
preparations of any part of a program requirement or a purchase request, influencing the content
of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any
other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim
or controversy in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or
controversy or other particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or
subcontract or to any solicitation or proposal therefore. It shall be a breach of ethical standards
for any payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor
under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or a person associated
therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach of the provisions of
this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of ethical standards which may
result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or suspension from participation in
Metropolitan Government contracts.

D.23. Communications and Contacts. All instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other
communications from the Recipient required or contempiated by this Grant Contract shall be in
writing and shall be made by facsimile transmission, or by first class mail, addressed to the
respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or address as set forth below or to such
other party, facsimile number, or address as may be hereafter specified by written notice.

5
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Lutheran Services in Tennessee Contract# =A -3. 4.3 & __ February 5, 2014
Metro
For contract-related matters and enquiries regarding invoices contact:
Agriculture Extension
George M. Killgore
1417 Murfreesboro Pike
PO Box 196300
Nashville, TN 37219-6300
Phone: 615-862-5995/ Fax: 615-862-5998
Email: George.killgore@nashville.gov

Recipient:

Ellen Koester

CEO

Lutheran Services in Tennessee

P.O. Box 60597

Nashville, TN 37209

D.24. Lobbying. The Recipient certifies, to the best of its knowledge and belief, that:

a. No federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid, by or on behalf of the
Recipient, to any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee
of any agency, a Member of Congress in connection with the awarding of any federal
contract, the making of any federal grant, the making of any federal loan, and entering
into of any cooperative agreement, and the extension, continuation, renewal,
amendment, or modification of any federal contract, grant, loan, or cooperative
agreement.

b. {f any funds other than federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid to any
person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any agency, a
Member of Congress, an officer or employee of Congress, or an employee of a Member
of Congress in connection with this grant, loan, or cooperative agreement, the Recipient
shall complete and submit Standard Form-LLL, “Disclosure Form to Report Lobbying,” in
accordance with its instructions.

c. The Recipient shall require that the language of this certification be included in the award
documents for all sub-awards at all tiers (including sub-grants, subcontracts, and
contracts under grants, loans, and cooperative agreements) and that all subcontractors of
federally appropriated funds shall certify and disclose accordingly.

Effective Date. This contract shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed first by the

Recipient and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government and has been

filed in the office of the Metropolitan Clerk. When it has been so signed and filed, this contract shall

be effective as of the date first written above.
THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK
6


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Lutheran Services in Tennessee Contract # L£-3139 February 5, 2014

RECIPIENT:
THE METROPOLITAN LA Lf, Ag
GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE By: *- 2
AND DAVIDSON COUNTY:

Title: CEO

‘ Sworn to and subscribed to before me a Notary
a. Publig, this & day mn —
ae 5 Feb; , 201 TR TEMS
Metropolitan Clerk MAR 2.4 > i <
1 oo
ma OL rove
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF { TEM SSE
FUNDS: Notary Public 4, poTeny ' }
AP URLIO fit
; c A mee wa

Director of Finance Omak Dinh

My Commission expires. Wan mn 20/6
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND
LEGALITY
Metropolitan Attorney ; y
APPROVED AS TO RISK AND
INSURANCE:
r= of Insurance

7


Application
for
The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, TN
School and Community Garden Grant Program
Name of Garden: Building Healthy Families Cheatham Gardens (sponsored by Lutheran
Services in Tennessee)
Address/Location: MDHA Cheatham Place Apts.
1564 9" Avenue North
Nashville, TN 37208
Garden Supervisor/Coordinator: Janet D. Arning
Email address: jarninglst@gmail.com
Phone number: 615-881-4579
Paid position: X yes no (check-mark one)
Garden Committee members (if any) There are 18 active gardeners in the community and
each work their own raised-bed garden.
Amount of grant money applying for: $5,000
(Minimum $ 250, Maximum $ 5,000)
Value of matching funds: $
(Note: matching funds cannot exceed the value of funds applying for)
Attach a value listing of matching funds:
Applicants must comply with the following 4 (four) criteria:
1. Only organizations with a non-profit status may apply. “Non-profit status” is
defined by one of the following:

e 501 (c) (3) designation of exemption from federal taxation from the Internal
Revenue Service (IRS) as provided by 26 U.S.C.A. or;

e Incorporation as a non-profit; and the registration identification number
provided by the Secretary of State as a Charitable Organization or proof of
such exemption as allowed.

Attach documentation ;
2. Organizations must be currently registered with the Tennessee Secretary of State Office
to do business in Tennessee, and have filed the necessary report to the Secretary of
2


State’s Office of Charitable Solicitation (unless, according to the organization's size, it :
does not meet the threshold requirement).
Attach documentation
3. Organizations must have been in existence (registered with Secretary of State) for 3
ears.
” Attach documentation
4. Organizations must have an audit conducted of the latest completed fiscal year by a
certified public accountant completed within the preceding 42 months of the application
due date. In cases where the fiscal year end does not allow enough time for the
completion of the audit by the application date, the previous year’s report would be
acceptable if completed within the preceding 12 months of the application date.
Attach documentation
Letter of support:
Attach a letter of support, signed by the President, CEO Etc., of the non-profit. If the garden is
to be located on school property, this letter of support shall be from the school principal.
Please answer the six questions below. (Form will expand or you may attach additional
sheets.)

1. Provide a brief summary of what you are proposing and include the vision for the
project. In the spring of 2011, Lutheran Services in Tennessee (LST) began the
Building Healthy Families gardens in the MDHA Cheatham Place Apartments. Over
the past three growing seasons, LST’s pilot program selected residents in this
poverty-stricken and crime-ridden community to receive everything needed to grow a
4’x8’ raised-bed garden. We currently sponsor 18 active gardens in Cheatham. We
want to expand this program to include 12 additional raised-bed gardens targeting
families with children and the elderly. We also hope to make plants and seed
available to numerous residents who plant in their small spaces without a raised-bed.
These gardens provide residents with a sustainable, nutritious food source, as well
as promote responsibility and a healthy lifestyle. Building Healthy Families conducts
weekly classes in the community aimed to improve the condition of families living in
poverty by teaching and reinforcing healthy lifestyles, habits and communication.

2. Provide a garden development and implementation schedule, including the items to
be grown and estimated timeline for harvesting. In March, current and new gardeners
will gather for an informational presentation for the coming growing season. At that
time our garden expert, Allie Radcliffe will address issues and concerns for all the
gardeners and educate the new gardeners by teaching growing techniques essential
for a productive season. In late March to early April, LST will have a volunteer day to
install new raised-bed gardens, clean out existing beds and fill in soil for the all
gardens. We will also move unproductive gardens at that time. Mid-April, we will
conduct an additional meeting to compile plant and seed orders for the gardens. We
will distribute plants and seeds late April to early May. May and June, we will conduct

3
ARCHIVE


individualized instruction to each gardener addressing concerns or problems with
the gardens. This instruction is on-going throughout the growing season. In August-
September, we will reach out to each gardener to survey the success of the season.
We will also distribute fall seeds at that time. Gardens have been very successful
growing tomatoes, squash, cucumbers, okra, green beans, carrots, broccoli,
cabbage, and a variety of greens. We will continue to focus only on vegetables that
have been successfully planted and harvested.

3. Provide a plan for the ongoing maintenance of the garden and its long term stability.
Lutheran Services in Tennessee has a network of volunteers and staff that maintain
the gardens, along with the gardeners themselves. We work closely with the
Cheatham Place Apartment Manager, Joya Gray, and Maintenance Supervisor, Andy
Shepard, to make sure all the gardens are well maintained. We also have signed
garden agreements with the residents to make sure the gardeners commit to the time
it takes to maintain the garden. We feel very confident that this model works for a
long-term stability of the program and continue to seek funding insuring the success
of the program.

4. Provide a plan for the distribution of items harvested. Each gardener is responsible
for his/her own garden and consumes all produce or distributes vegetables to
neighbors and friends in the community. We have conducted instructional canning
classes so that gardeners have the opportunity to can or freeze their produce,
insuring there is minimal waste for fresh foods.

5. Provide a proposed budget. Please see attached.

Gevised

6. Provide any other pertinent information you would like for the grant committee to
know. We have had wonderful success for the past three years in Cheatham Place.
We would love to expand this model to other communities where poverty exists and
hinders families from having access to fresh, nutritious foods. In addition, the
gardens have also produced tangible benefits like improved self-esteem, as well as
neighbors coming together to sharing information and encouraging each other. All of
this ultimately builds up the family and community.

Applications are due by 3:30 pm, Monday, September 16, 2013
(Only hard copy original applications will be accepted no e-mail applications.
Applications received after this date and time, will not be accepted.)
4
ARCHIVE


Return completed application to:
Agriculture Extension
C/O George M. Killgore
1417 Murfreesboro Pike, 2"! Floor
P.O. Box 196300
Nashville, TN 37219-6300
Email: george. killgore@nashville.gov
5


sae g 8
» 3 3
:D o °
5 od co

ow) x}
EN)
Ce A a
tT
7.
ioe)
—_
(an)
N
”
Cc
co)
Pe
OM 2
Oa
ooo Ro RoRoRoRoRoR-nonon-) oLo
eo0o0oo0ooooooeo®e oO” 28
ONDOnUKNHNDOCAON NH o So
= )
() Lu
OD ZHHHHHHHHHHHHA aA
”
”
®
Cc
Cc
1)
Ee
€ €
— wo
My 2 OG
a '2) =
of oD g 273
‘= = yo] 0) oan
cE M8 . = Oo
O® 55 x} Qe
Or Ao ® 8 Oo
£€ =u, 2 SSE
cs EFoLRe = Oo 85
S$ S8285 2 58oeR
”o oO = =] oo”
®O o ocnt oO —- om &L Cc |
cE CPHVURZOD GLOSS —_ 22 t
~~ 3 —~SVELSFEHQSEEVEO oC Ee
S55 SESHKOGBSOSGSGHR OH5 fe)
Ja A#SOOS0SFFOOFSE FOF -


oom)
oOo 98
oo So
ao ®&
aon 2
on oO
AA
vt
=S_— (o>)
, 8, 8,88 ss ss
_ 9 | OO oo o~ Ss
ro) oS io aon ! 1 1 1 Q - Q .
Se) S 6 Oo 0 Oo aA
io) ~ ° 5
N ;
© vr
2 _
oO ©
ze) =
co ke
o
O *%
AA PAHHHHHHHHG a @e
eooo0o0°no
8338388388888 ss
DOUWNDMDMODNOAOSO . )
2
= Nn
(0) Ww
Zz
) PAAAAAHHHHHHAG aA
”
oO
Cc
Cc
5 2
2 a
Cc
c
® 3 a ry oS 2
= a. ¥ 0 e
E i.) (0) 5 Oo =
E m 2 2 a) o
i
St 8 3 35 “
£& uo D x ao
cs Bole §£ SOE 2
S$ 522385 3 ,a58 3
es Lo os is} 5 a lox o w
D oc=~ () —~#coM
Ce CHHBE~ GAS GTLHOZS Sus z
3 awoe2se? 2523 Beas
3 =ec ~ Co 2tzzae Paso
=| = 535 =2CEo CF BO Ke
32 88Saesoszedse2e SES P
TrFOOFSE FOFO F
