Docusign Envelope ID: FC3C914C-09BF-4838-9C76-8923D4895FC9
APPROVED
A-48040
X
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: FC3C914C-09BF-4838-9C76-8923D4895FC9
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: FC3C914C-09BF-4838-9C76-8923D4895FC9
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: FC3C914C-09BF-4838-9C76-8923D4895FC9
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: FC3C914C-09BF-4838-9C76-8923D4895FC9
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: FC3C914C-09BF-4838-9C76-8923D4895FC9
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: FC3C914C-09BF-4838-9C76-8923D4895FC9
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: FC3C914C-09BF-4838-9C76-8923D4895FC9
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: FC3C914C-09BF-4838-9C76-8923D4895FC9
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: FC3C914C-09BF-4838-9C76-8923D4895FC9
ARCHIVE


 
 
 
 
 
Grow Local Kitchen User Handbook 
 
 
Overview 
The Grow Local Kitchen (GLK) was founded at the Nashville Farmers’ Market (NFM) in 2012 to offer a 
space for startup food entrepreneurs to incubate their businesses, as well as offer a demonstration and 
workshop kitchen space for food artisans and community organizations. Located in the heart of the 
indoor Market House, our pop-up kitchen provides a vibrant and diverse line-up of rotating food options 
for visitors to the Market.  
For GLK users, the space provides a platform to introduce your cuisine and food service concepts to the 
greater Nashville community, including potential investors. The rentable kitchen program is outfitted 
with essential, commercial-grade kitchen equipment and tools to help you turn your ideas and dreams 
into reality. The GLK has fostered the growth many of Nashville’s best food concepts into fully 
operational restaurants, such as NFM’s own Succulent Vegan Tacos. Ultimately, the goal of the GLK is for 
your business to outgrow our program into a thriving permanent location of your own.  
 
Table of Contents: 
How to Apply …………….…………….…. 2 
Approval & Agreement ………..…. 2-3 
Rates …………………………….……………. 3 
Equipment, Staff & Services …….. 3-4 
Before Your First Shift ……………... 4-6 
During Your Shift ….……….………... 6-8 
After Your Shift …………………….…. 8-9 
Closing Checklist ……………………….. 10 
Appendix …………………………………… 11 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: FC3C914C-09BF-4838-9C76-8923D4895FC9
ARCHIVE


How to Apply 
In order to join our community of kitchen users, you must complete our online application and create an 
account on the Food Corridor using the following steps: 
1. Read 2024 Grow Local Kitchen User Handbook in full before applying. 
2. Go to NashvilleFarmersMarket.org/grow-local-kitchen-application, fill out all fields and submit. 
3. Create a “food business” account or login to your existing account on TheFoodCorridor.com. 
4. Fill in your business info and select “Grow Local at Nashville Farmers’ Market” as your kitchen. 
5. Submit current copies of required documents via the Food Corridor: 
o Business License (Metro Nashville County Clerk’s Office, $15) 
o Sales & Use Tax Certificate (TN Dept. of Revenue, free) 
o Proof of Liability Insurance Certificate (minimum $1 million coverage with the following 
added as an additionally insured certificate holder: 
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County 
Metro Courthouse, Suite 108 
Nashville, TN 37201 
o Sample Menu 
o ServSafe Certificate or Metro Nashville Health Dept. Food Safety Training Certificate 
o Shared Kitchen Agreement (if using another kitchen to prepare foods for your shift) 
6. Select payment method via the Food Corridor (credit/debit or ACH). 
7. Schedule onboarding meeting with the Program Manager. 
 
Approval & Agreement 
 
Approval: The purpose of the Grow Local Kitchen is to help developing food concepts incubate into 
successful businesses by offering a startup option with low overhead costs where they can develop a 
regular clientele. As such, NFM management will prioritize applications of users that do not currently 
have permanent business locations such as brick-and-mortar restaurants or food trucks operating for 
more than one year. Established businesses looking to test a new concept outside of their regular 
operations may be considered for the program. However, food service concepts that duplicate offerings 
of our Market House tenants will not be considered, unless given written approval by NFM management 
for a specific exemption. 
Kitchen users may be asked to provide additional information, documentation or samples before 
client approval and onboarding. Approval is done at the sole discretion of NFM management, taking in 
consideration factors including: 
• 
Requested Schedule 
• 
Product Mix 
• 
Shift Readiness 
• 
History of Policy Adherence and Account Status (for returning Kitchen Users) 
 
Types of Kitchen Users: The Grow Local Kitchen offers four types of rental options for its kitchen 
users: 
Docusign Envelope ID: FC3C914C-09BF-4838-9C76-8923D4895FC9
ARCHIVE


• 
Single Day Pop-Ups: Single day pop-ups provide variety and excitement to the Grow Local 
Kitchen program. These can be food service concepts that are seeking to stop into the kitchen 
just one time as a special promotion or on a more regular basis.  
• 
GLK Residencies: A limited number of residencies will be available to outstanding startup 
business concepts on a 6-month or yearly agreement. GLK residents should exhibit exemplary 
menu, merchandising and marketing skills. Additionally, GLK residents are expected to assist in 
monthly deep cleaning of the kitchen space to occur on the first Monday of each month. 
Benefits to residents include: regular scheduling, a reduced rental rate and increased promotion 
and visibility in NFM marketing and communications, including a listing on the NFM website. The 
residency program is still in development and not yet available for GLK users. 
• 
Workshops/Demonstrations: Food artisans, chefs, culinary businesses and nonprofits are 
encouraged to host food preparation classes, nutrition workshops and other cooking 
demonstrations in the GLK in order to reach a wide audience. AM rentals that occur during 
regular GLK operating hours are offered at a higher rate than PM rentals (see Rates below). 
However, limited customer traffic in the evening allows workshop hosts the ability to charge 
ticket/attendance fees for their event. 
• 
Prep Shifts: All pop-up shifts have a built-in 3 hour prep period in which users can prepare the 
foods they will be serving in the GLK’s permitted kitchen space. If you require more time to prep 
before your shift, you may request an off-peak hours prep rental. Prep rentals are subject to all 
operational policies and procedures. GLK users may not serve food prepared in a home kitchen. 
Rates  
Single Day (Tue-Thur) Pop-Up Rental (8AM-4PM) 
$160/day 
Single Day (Fri-Sun) Pop-Up Rental (8AM-4PM) 
$200/day 
Additional Prep Time 
$20/hour 
AM Workshop Rental (Before 4PM) 
$150/day 
PM Workshop Rental (After 4PM) 
$100/day 
Market House Event Rental of GLK 
$30/hour 
Dry Storage Rental (Per Shelf) 
$20/month 
Cold Storage Rental (Per Shelf) 
$25/month 
Freezer Storage Rental (Per Shelf) 
$25/month 
Equipment/Property Damage Fee 
$100/occurrence 
Insufficient Cleaning Fee (See Cleaning Checklist) 
$75/occurrence 
Policy Violation Fee 
$50/occurrence 
 
Staff, Services & Equipment 
 
NFM Management: NFM management is responsible for administering and enforcing all Market rules, 
policies and procedures, as well as ensuring public safety, scheduling kitchen use, approving kitchen 
users, hosting market kitchen demonstrations and managing market events and festivals. NFM 
management is instructed to handle and resolve any issues that may arise, and all NFM staff members 
have authority to resolve issues in a civil and efficient manner. 
• 
Heather Hoch, Program Manager: heather.hoch@nashville.gov, (615) 922-8881 
• 
Darrell Lane, Executive Director: darrell.lane@nashville.gov  
• 
Charles Kizer, Facilities Manager: charles.kizer@nashville.gov  
Docusign Envelope ID: FC3C914C-09BF-4838-9C76-8923D4895FC9
ARCHIVE


• 
David Griffin, Finance Manager: david.griffin@nashville.gov  
• 
Courtney Cotton, Marketing Manager: courtney.cotton@nashville.gov  
• 
Yolanda Manning, Farmers’ Market Coordinator: yolanda.manning@nashville.gov  
• 
David Hornbeck, Facilities Coordinator: david.hornbeck@nashville.gov 
 
Security: Security personnel are on NFM property to provide public safety and regulate after-hours 
entrance to the premises. Only authorized persons will be permitted to enter after hours. Call 9-1-1 if 
there is a medical emergency. If you need to report a safety or security concern, please contact a 
member of the security team immediately. 
Security Number: (615) 710-3578 
Although NFM has on-site security 24/7, securing individual property, including merchandise, tip jars 
and cash boxes, is the sole responsibility of each kitchen user. If you believe something has been stolen 
from you during your shift, it is up to you to file a police report if you believe the theft warrants it. 
 
Janitorial Services: Janitorial services are contracted to provide cleaning and sanitation of common 
areas, restrooms, waste receptacles and grounds. If there is a janitorial issue, please contact NFM 
management or security personnel to report the issue immediately. However, cleaning of the GLK, its 
equipment and small wares is the sole responsibility of the kitchen user on shift that day. See pages 8 
through 10 for a full explanation of cleaning/closing expectations. 
 
Food Service Equipment List: 
• 
Six-Burner Range (60”W x 33”D) with  
Flat-Top Griddle (24”W x 21”D) 
• 
Two-Compartment, Reach-In Gas Oven  
(Standard; 27”W x 26”D x 14”H) 
• 
Hood with Ansul System 
• 
Double-Stack Electric Convection Oven  
(Int: 26”W x 22”D x 20”H ea) 
• 
Ice Machine (Cap: 31#) 
• 
Low Boy Refrigerator/ Freezer  
(Ext: 71”W x 32”D x 30”H, 
Freezer Cap: 5.3 cu. Ft,  
Fridge Cap: 12.4 cu. Ft.) 
• 
Reach In Refrigerator/Freezer  
(Int: 46”W x 27” D x 53” H,  
Cap 21.01 cu. Ft ea) 
• 
Three Compartment Sink with Sprayer  
• 
Dish Machine (Int: 25”W x 25”D x 16”H) 
 
Other Equipment/Tools: 
• 
Prep Table (1) 
• 
Speed Rack (1) 
• 
Pot w/ Lid (1), Saucepan (2) 
• 
Pans (3) 
• 
Cutting Boards (3) 
• 
Tongs (2) 
• 
Slotted Spoons (2) 
• 
Mixing Bowls (2), Whisks (1) 
• 
Measuring Pitchers (2) 
• 
Spatulas (Rubber 2, Metal 2) 
• 
Strainers (2) 
• 
Blender (1) 
• 
Mixer (1) 
• 
Food Processor (1) 
• 
Can Opener (1) 
• 
Digital Thermometer (2) 
• 
Digital Scale (1) 
• 
Fire Extinguishers (2)
Before Your First Shift 
 
Onboarding:  Once your application is reviewed and you are approved as a client of Grow Local at 
Nashville Farmers’ Market, you will be contacted to schedule a meeting with NFM’s Program Manager. 
During this meeting, you will discuss expectations for use of the kitchen, schedule availability, sign your 
Docusign Envelope ID: FC3C914C-09BF-4838-9C76-8923D4895FC9
ARCHIVE


agreement, tour the kitchen area and more in preparation for your first shift. Please come prepared 
with questions you may have about the Grow Local Kitchen.  
After onboarding, you will be scheduled for an initial trial shift based on your availability and 
that of the kitchen to ensure the GLK program is a good fit for your business. 
 
Agreement: While onboarding, new kitchen users will sign a kitchen agreement during the scheduled 
onboarding meeting. A valid, government-issued photo ID is required to sign the agreement. 
Agreements must be signed before accessing the kitchen as a rental. New agreements will be signed 
annually at the end of each year for the following calendar year.  
 
Scheduling: Shifts will be scheduled with a minimum of 30 days’ notice for pop-ups via email from the 
Program Manager. Typically, shifts will be sent on the first of the month for the following month’s 
schedule, i.e. January’s shifts will be sent out December 1. Resident schedules will be confirmed during 
the agreement signing process. You must add a payment method to your account before bookings can 
be confirmed. Lunch shifts are available Tuesday-Sunday. These shifts are offered at a minimum of 8-
hours for pop-up or residency rentals from 8AM-4PM. However, you may request additional prep or 
service time outside of this time frame, subject to availability. 
Scheduling is done at the sole discretion of NFM management to ensure a variety of food 
options. The Grow Local Kitchen’s full scheduled line-up of participating food businesses is available on 
the NFM website. 
 
Payment: All kitchen users are expected to make regular payment via the Food Corridor. GLK residents 
and any other monthly fees such as storage will be invoiced on the 5th of the month for that month’s 
rentals. Pop-ups will be invoiced for individual shifts at midnight following their completed shift. It is 
each user’s responsibility to remain in good standing. Any past due payments carried into a new month 
are subject to late fee charges ($50) and can result in suspension of rentals on repeated offense. 
Kitchen users may pay via credit/debit card or ACH by selecting their preferred payment method 
on their Food Corridor account. The payment method on file will be automatically billed on the invoice 
date via Stripe as a secure payment. You will see the charge on your payment account as “Nashville 
Farmers-Grow.” In-person payments will not be accepted. Rejected payments are considered a policy 
violation, and, in addition to the procedure outlined in your GLK User Agreement, must be paid in full 
before resuming future scheduled shifts. Unpaid balances in excess of 60 days may result in a 
cancellation of any future shifts, as well as submission to Metro’s Payment Collections department. 
 
Reservation Cancellation, No-Shows & Refund Requests: Upon approval of the kitchen user’s 
scheduled shifts, the user accepts responsibility for each approved date. Pop-up shifts may be amended 
or cancelled by written request to NFM management 14 days in advance of the shift. Pop-ups are 
responsible for all rental fees for bookings cancelled in less than 14 days of the shift. GLK residents must 
submit 30 day written notice to cancel residencies. You may use the GLK Slack channel group to find 
coverage for a shift. Requests for refunds or credits will not be provided unless accompanied by a 
written approval from NFM management. No shows will forfeit rental fees and are subject to immediate 
cancellation of all future shifts. In the event of a family or medical emergency, please contact NFM’s 
Program Manager as soon as possible if you will need to miss your shift. 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: FC3C914C-09BF-4838-9C76-8923D4895FC9
ARCHIVE


What to bring: GLK users will have access to all of the equipment and small wares listed on page 4. In 
addition to any food items and product you may need during your shift, please be sure to bring any of 
the following that you may need:  
• 
Register equipped with Point of Sale 
system 
• 
Hotspot or other private WiFi device 
• 
Cash Box 
• 
Tip Jar  
• 
Menu Signs (max. 36” h x 24” w)  
• 
Business Banners (max. 24” h x 60” w) 
• 
Knives 
• 
Gloves 
• 
Special Tools/Small Wares 
• 
Small Appliances (i.e. tabletop fryer) 
• 
Towels/Linens/Aprons  
• 
Plastic Wrap/Aluminum Foil 
• 
Food Storage Containers 
Additionally, kitchen users are required to bring their own packaging for their meals. NFM strongly 
encourages the use of compostable or recyclable containers, as we have disposal options for both 
available to kitchen users and customers alike. Use of Styrofoam is prohibited.  
 
Marketing: Although NFM seeks to actively promote all businesses at our Market, Grow Local Kitchen 
users are responsible for their own marketing and social media presence. Kitchen users are required to 
maintain their social media presence by actively posting in advance of and during their shifts to engage 
customers. In general, businesses who engage in regular social media promotions tend to have higher 
daily sales than those who don’t. Additionally, kitchen users must tag Grow Local Kitchen on Instagram 
posts related to their shifts and may also tag Nashville Farmers’ Market on any Instagram or Facebook 
so that we may reshare your promotions with our expansive follower base. 
 
During Your Shift 
 
Hours: GLK shifts run from 8AM-4PM, Tuesday-Sunday, with required opening hours of 11AM-3PM per 
scheduled shift. GLK users will have a three-hour prep period from 8AM-11AM to make any food items 
you will need during your shift. However, if ready to serve, you may begin selling before 11AM. Kitchen 
users should plan a minimum cleaning and closing period of one hour from 3PM-4PM. Failure to 
properly clean the kitchen and reset it for the next shift will result in fines and further action. Time spent 
in the kitchen in excess of the 8-hour rental period will result in $20/hour additional rental fees, and can 
result in cancellation of future shifts if your excess rental period conflicts with another GLK rental. 
 
Check In: You must check in to each shift via Food Corridor before beginning your rental period using 
your account pin, which is available on your login page. 
 
Loading/Parking: Grow Local Kitchen users may pull into the iron gated area between the Market 
House and Farm Sheds to load in during 8AM-9AM and load out during 3PM-4PM. During loading times, 
you may briefly park alongside the Market House using hazard lights to signify temporary parking. 
Vehicles must be re-parked before the loading window ends. Improperly parked vehicles are subject to 
tow at the owner’s expense.  
Grow Local Kitchen users may park in the main Nashville Farmers’ Market lot during their 
scheduled shift only. This lot is located along Rosa L Parks Boulevard, southwest of the Market House 
building and directly next to the outdoor Farm Sheds. Grow Local Kitchen users are not permitted to 
Docusign Envelope ID: FC3C914C-09BF-4838-9C76-8923D4895FC9
ARCHIVE


park in the lot between NFM and the State Museum or any of the 2-hour parking spaces off 7th Avenue. 
For weekend kitchen users, additional parking is available in the State employee parking lots located off 
6th Avenue across from Bicentennial Mall. 
 
Menu: GLK users must submit a menu to NFM’s Program Manager for approval. However, GLK users 
are highly encouraged to take advantage of seasonal specials and new menu items to engage customers. 
If you wish to add items, specials or make other changes to your approved menu, you must submit those 
requests 48 hours in advance of your shift. This includes pre-packaged beverages. Selling unapproved 
items constitutes a policy violation. GLK users are required to display their menu with menu items and 
prices listed. It is encouraged, but not required, to provide additional information about your dishes, 
including ingredients and allergen information, on your menu signage. 
 
Business Signage: Kitchen users are required to display signage of their company name during their 
shifts. Signage may be securely hung or places within the GLK area only. A-frame signage is not 
permitted to be placed in Market House walkways. It is encouraged that your signage include contact 
information including website URL, social media handles and an email address/phone number so that 
customers can engage with you before and after shifts. Signage may be hung anywhere along the main 
counter, affixed to columns in the kitchen, placed on the counters or securely attached to the plexiglass 
guard in areas where GLK signage is not hung. Signage may not be hung from the kitchen’s hood. When 
removing signage, you must remove all residue left from tape or other hanging materials. 
No signs, banners or advertising material may be placed on any area outside of the GLK area. 
Use of nails and screws to hang signage is prohibited. All signage must be removed after each shift. 
Hanging or attaching anything to gutters and downspouts of the buildings or sheds is prohibited. 
Hanging or attaching anything to the rafters is prohibited unless the vendor has received prior written 
approval from NFM management. 
 
Food Safety: All food preparation must be done in a permitted kitchen. Foods cooked in home kitchens 
are not to be served during GLK shifts. Kitchen users are required to operate their food service in 
accordance with all Metro Health Department standards. Hot foods must be kept hot and cold foods 
kept cold for the entirety of your shift. Foods may not be allowed to enter the “temperature danger 
zone” (between 135°F and 40°F). Wash your hands regularly and use gloves when handling ready-to-eat 
foods. Maintain good personal hygiene and a sanitary work environment. Know where sanitizer test 
strips are and how to use them.  
 
Customer Service: Kitchen users are required to provide excellent customer service to all customers 
during their GLK shifts. Be ready on time, greet each customer, be respectful and positive when 
interacting with customers, acknowledge waiting customers and be aware of how many are waiting to 
order/pick-up (add staff to your shifts to speed up customer service if necessary). Remember to pace 
your orders and sales with your kitchen staff’s capacity. Train staff to be knowledgeable on the flavor, 
ingredients and possible allergens associated with your dishes. The GLK has an “open kitchen” layout, so 
kitchen users should anticipate interacting with customers whether cooking, taking orders, etc. 
 
Sampling: Kitchen users are permitted to serve product samples to visitors in single servings that can 
easily be grabbed individually. All food samples must be kept at proper food safety temperatures and 
abide by all regular Metro Nashville Health Department guidelines. 
 
Storage: A limited amount of on-site storage options are available for kitchen users. Dry, cold and 
Docusign Envelope ID: FC3C914C-09BF-4838-9C76-8923D4895FC9
ARCHIVE


freezer storage is available for monthly rental by the shelf. Priority for storage placement will be given to 
current residents. Please contact the Program Manager to reserve storage space. 
 
Garbage/Refuse: NFM offers recycling, compost and landfill waste collection at the on-premises waste 
center. All recycling, compost and garbage must be removed from the GLK and placed in the appropriate 
bin at the end of each day. To keep the Market area clean and presentable for customers, kitchen users 
must break down boxes, store trash in an orderly manner and bring any excessive refuse to the waste 
center throughout their shifts as needed.  
 
Alcoholic Beverages and Other Controlled Substances: Sale and consumption of alcoholic 
beverages, including beer, wine and liquor, is prohibited in the Grow Local Kitchen, except with written 
permission from NFM management and proper permitting. No illegal substances shall be consumed, 
kept, bought, or sold in any rental space or other NFM locations. Smoking and vaping are prohibited on 
Market grounds (inside the NFM iron gates, patio areas, Farm Sheds and inside the Market House). 
 
Rules of Conduct: NFM management expects all kitchen users, as well as their their staff to conduct 
themselves in a manner that contributes to a positive experience for Market guests. Kitchen users may 
not leave the kitchen area unattended during their rented shift time frame. Children and pets are not 
allowed in the GLK area. NFM management expects all vendors and merchants at the Market to be 
honest and to conduct themselves in a courteous and friendly manner. Inappropriate conduct or 
language toward other vendors, customers, or management — whether in person or by electronic 
media — will not be tolerated and may be grounds for immediate termination and dismissal from NFM. 
 
Harassment-Free Workplace: The following is applicable to all vendors and their staffs, NFM staff, 
service providers and board members. NFM is committed to a work environment in which all individuals 
are treated with respect and dignity. Everyone has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that 
promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices including 
harassment. Therefore, NFM expects that all relationships among persons in the office and markets will 
be businesslike and free of bias, prejudice and harassment. It is the policy of NFM to ensure equal 
employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, 
gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, immigration status, age, disability, genetic 
information, marital status, amnesty or status as a covered veteran. NFM prohibits any such 
discrimination or harassment. Anyone who experiences harassment is encouraged to report the incident 
to NFM management. Any vendor found to be violating this policy is subject to possible suspension or 
expulsion from the Market. Please see the appendix on page 11 for a full definition of harassment. 
 
After Your Shift 
 
Sales Reporting: GLK users are required to submit a monthly report that outlines each of their shift’s 
sales and their total monthly sales. Sales reports must be submitted by the 10th of the following month 
to the Program Manager. Failure to report sales constitutes a policy violation. 
 
Cleaning: NFM management expects Grow Local Kitchen users to clean as they go during shift to 
maintain a tidy and sanitary kitchen environment during service. The GLK and its users are subject to 
inspection from the Health Department at any time, so users must operate in an organized, cleanly way 
Docusign Envelope ID: FC3C914C-09BF-4838-9C76-8923D4895FC9
ARCHIVE


that is conducive to maintaining perfect inspection scores. NFM provides all cleaning supplies and 
equipment needed to maintain a safe, healthy and appealing cooking environment. 
 
Cleaning Supply List: 
• 
Scouring Pads 
• 
Sponges 
• 
Paper Towels 
• 
Hand Soap 
• 
Dish Detergent 
• 
Sanitizer 
• 
Dish Machine 
Detergent 
• 
Hi-Temp Flat-Top 
Cleaner 
• 
Floor Cleaner 
• 
All-Purpose Cleaner 
• 
Degreaser 
• 
Stainless Steel Polish 
• 
Grill Bricks 
• 
Squeegee 
• 
Mop & Mop Bucket 
• 
Broom & Dust Pan 
• 
Trash Cans w/ Liners 
• 
Sanitizer Test Strips
From counters to floors, equipment and cabinets, inside fridges and in the dishpit, GLK users must leave 
the kitchen in a clean and rentable state. All NFM small wares must be cleaned and put away from 
where they were originally sourced. The cleaning chemical cage must remain closed during food service 
and locked after cleaning is complete. Fridges and freezers must be completely empty and wiped down 
of food debris before the end of each shift. Storage of any personal or business items in the GLK is 
strictly prohibited without written approval from NFM management. Items left in the GLK are subject to 
removal and disposal. Remember: this is a shared kitchen space so you should leave it in a condition that 
is respectful of the next small business owner using the space. 
A full checklist of cleaning and closing expectations is available on the next page. You must fill 
out a Closing Checklist before the end of each shift. You can find blank copies of the Closing Checklist in 
the “Kitchen Binder.” 
 
Incomplete Cleaning & Damaged Property: Failure to properly clean the kitchen and reset it for the 
next renter will result in an immediate fine of $75. Multiple cleaning-related violations will result in 
suspension or cancellation of all future shifts. If equipment, small wares, tools or any other NFM 
property is damaged during your shift, you must alert NFM’s Program Manager immediately. Damage to 
GLK equipment or NFM property will result in a $100 fee per occurrence. However, if the equipment 
and/or property is damaged to the point of needing serious repair or being inoperable for an extended 
period of time, kitchen users will be charged the cost or repair or replacement and may be subject to 
suspension and/or termination of GLK agreement and scheduled shifts. 
If you are concerned with the state of the kitchen, equipment and its cleanliness from the 
previous user, please contact the Program Manager immediately. Photo documentation of any issues 
reported will be required. 
 
Check Out: At the end of each shift, you must check out via the Food Corridor. When checking out of 
your completed shift on Food Corridor, you may enter in notes regarding equipment issues, kitchen 
cleanliness or other information related to your time renting the GLK. 
 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: FC3C914C-09BF-4838-9C76-8923D4895FC9
ARCHIVE


Closing Checklist 
 Wash/sanitize all dishes, cooking implements and tools 
 Empty dish machine 
 Put away all dishes/cooking tools 
 Clean plexiglass splatter guard (in front of stove) 
 Clean stove burners 
 Clean flat top griddle 
 Clean food debris/residue out of all ovens 
 Clean catch pans and drip pans under stove/flattop 
 Empty and wipe down all fridges/freezers 
 Empty and wipe down all cabinets 
 Wipe down/sanitize all counters and prep tables 
 Wipe down/sanitize all equipment surfaces, including equipment doors and handles 
 Clean floor mats 
 Sweep entire kitchen, including under equipment 
 Mop entire kitchen area, including under equipment 
 Clean all sinks, including hand sink, dish sink and mop sink 
 Clean broom, dustpan, mop and mop bucket so they are ready to use 
 Empty flat top grease catch and any additional oil used in grease trap in waste disposal 
center (outside the Market House) 
 Take trash, recycling and compost to waste disposal center (outside the Market House) 
 Remove business and menu signage, cleaning any residue from tape or other materials 
 Check that all heating equipment is off 
 Relight any pilot lights that are unlit  
 Turn hood off 
 Check that all personal/business belongings/products have been removed from the GLK 
area including inside ovens, fridges, freezers, cabinets and the dish machine. 
 Return cleaning tools and chemicals to proper storage areas (mop closet/chemical cage) 
o Use Tool Checklist to be sure all GLK tools are left in the kitchen when you leave 
 Lock the chemical cage 
 Turn kitchen lights off 
 Sign out of your shift on Food Corridor, including any notes relevant to maintenance 
 
 
_________________________________                                  ____________________________________ 
GLK User Name (Printed)                                                               Business Name 
 
 
_________________________________                                  ____________________________________ 
GLK User Signature                                                                          Date 
Docusign Envelope ID: FC3C914C-09BF-4838-9C76-8923D4895FC9
ARCHIVE


APPENDIX 
Definitions of Harassment: 
Sexual harassment constitutes discrimination and is illegal under federal, state and local laws. For the 
purposes of this policy, sexual harassment is defined, as in the Equal Employment Opportunity 
Commission Guidelines, as unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors and other verbal or 
physical conduct of a sexual nature when, for example: 
A) Submission to such conduct is made either explicitly or implicitly a term or condition of an 
individual's employment 
B) Submission to or rejection of such conduct by an individual is used as the basis for employment 
decisions affecting such individuals 
C) Such conduct has the purpose or effect of unreasonably interfering with an individual's work 
performance or creating an intimidating, hostile or offensive working environment. 
 
Sexual harassment may include a range of subtle and not-so-subtle behaviors and may involve 
individuals of the same or different genders. Depending on the circumstances, these behaviors may 
include unwanted sexual advances or requests for sexual favors; sexual jokes and innuendo; verbal 
abuse of a sexual nature; commentary about an individual's body, sexual prowess or sexual 
deficiencies; leering, whistling or touching; insulting or obscene comments or gestures; display in 
the workplace of sexually suggestive objects or pictures; and other physical, verbal or visual conduct 
of a sexual nature. 
  
Harassment on the basis of any other protected characteristic is also strictly prohibited. Under this 
policy, harassment is verbal, written or physical conduct that denigrates or shows hostility or 
aversion toward an individual because of their race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, 
national origin, immigration status or citizenship, age, disability, marital status, genetic information, 
veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law or that of their relatives, friends or 
associates, and that: a) has the purpose or effect of creating an intimidating, hostile or offensive 
work environment; b) has the purpose or effect of unreasonably interfering with an individual's 
work performance; or c) otherwise adversely affects an individual's employment opportunities.  
 
Harassing conduct includes epithets, slurs or negative stereotyping; threatening, intimidating or 
hostile acts; denigrating jokes; and written or graphic material that denigrates or shows hostility or 
aversion toward an individual or group and that is placed on walls or elsewhere on the employer's 
premises or circulated in the workplace, on company time or using company equipment via e-mail, 
phone (including voice messages), text messages, tweets, blogs, social networking sites or other 
means.  
 
These policies apply to all applicants’ employees and off-site markets where NFM operates, whether 
related to conduct engaged in by fellow employees or someone not directly connected to NFM (e.g., 
an outside vendor, consultant or customer). Conduct prohibited by these policies is unacceptable in 
the workplace and in any work-related setting outside the workplace, such as during business trips, 
business meetings and business-related social events. 
Docusign Envelope ID: FC3C914C-09BF-4838-9C76-8923D4895FC9
ARCHIVE
