EXHIBIT
GRANT CONTRACT 2024-R13-PL BETWEEN
THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE
BY AND THROUGH

THE METROPOLITAN HOUSING TRUST FUND COMMISSION AND

Southeast Community Capital Corporation dba Pathway Lending
This Grant Contract issued and entered into by and between the Metropolitan Government of
Nashville and Davidson County, a municipal corporation of the State of Tennessee hereinafter
referred to as “Metro”, and Southeast Community Capital Corporation dba Pathway Lending,
hereinafter referred to as the “Recipient,” is for the provision of the construction of affordable
housing as further defined in the "SCOPE OF PROGRAM." Southeast Community Capital

Corporation dba Pathway Lending will be developing affordable housing units located at 2920

Hamilton Church Road, Antioch 37013. The Recipient's grant budget is incorporated herein by

reference. The Recipient is a nonprofit charitable or civic organization.

A. SCOPE OF PROGRAM:

A.1. _ Each Property to which these grant funds are provided for shall be subject to a
Declaration of Restrictive Covenants (“Declaration”) imposing certain
affordability requirements to encumber the Property and run with the land over
a 30-year term (“Affordability Period’). Terms defined in the Declaration shall
have the same meanings when used in this Agreement.

A.2. The Recipient shall use the funds under this grant in accordance with the affordable
housing project described in the Scope of Work, which is incorporated herein and
attached hereto as Attachment A, and any of its amendments and subject to the terms
and conditions set forth herein.

A3. The Recipient, under this Grant Contract, will spend funds solely for the purposes set
forth in the work scope outlined in Attachment A. These funds shall be expended
consistent with the Grant Budget, included in Attachment B. Although some variation in
line-item amounts for the Grant is consistent with the Grant Budget, any change greater
than 20% of a draw category shall require the prior written approval of the Metro Housing
Director. However, in no event will the total amount of the Grant funds provided to
Recipient go above the Grant Award amount of $2,000,000.

A4. This Grant Contract by and through the Housing Trust Fund Commission and the
Recipient is expressly limited to the Grant award and for the purposes described herein.
Prior to the use of any funds, the property must be properly zoned, and it is the sole
responsibility of the Recipient to pursue any necessary rezoning or other land use
change. This Grant Contract in no way serves to supersede the authority of the Metro
Nashville Planning Commission or the Metropolitan Council's authority to approve or
deny zoning or land use changes on the proposed property and shall not be used for
such purposes.

A.5. Requirements for Rental Projects:

1NO281585 1} |
ARCHIVE


a. Tenants must be income-eligible at the time of initial occupancy, and Recipient must
certify all incomes annually and maintain a certified rent roll. In the event a tenant's
income increases above the income-requirement for the unit, the tenant is not
disqualified from remaining in the unit. However, the tenant's rent shall be adjusted
to the corresponding AMI level for the next lease term.

b. The Recipient will provide Metro with a management plan program oversight which
includes certification of the rents, utility allowances and tenant incomes. The
Recipient shall also provide Metro an annual certification that Barnes rental
requirements are being met throughout the Affordability Period.

c. The Recipient will allow Metro or a Metro-approved contractor to conduct on-site
inspections of the Recipient for compliance Barnes program requirements
including, but not limited to, reviewing tenant income calculations, rent
determinations and utility allowances.

d. The Affordability Period applicable to both tenant income and maximum rents shall
commence on the date of issuance of the certificate of occupancy for the final
building within the project. If a certificate of occupancy is not issued, the Affordability
Period will begin on the date of recordation of the notice of completion for the project.

e. Recipient shall not increase rents during the lease term. Such prohibition shall not
apply to any renewal of the lease, nor shall it affect the portion of rent paid by
another federal, state, or local program with respect to the tenant or units benefitting
from the grant funds.

f. During the Affordability Period, Recipient shall submit to Metro no later than July 15
of each year, an eviction report than includes the number of people evicted and the
reason for the eviction for the prior fiscal year (July 1-June 30).

g. Recipient shall post information on Fair Housing rights in the leasing office and make
information on Fair Housing rights available to tenants at least annually. Recipients
should endeavor to make information available to persons with Limited English

Proficiency.

B. GRANT CONTRACT TERM:

B.1. Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant shall be from execution of the grant
agreement until Project completion, but in no way greater than 24 months from the
execution of the grant agreement. Metro shall have no obligation for services rendered
by the Recipient which are not performed within this term. Pursuant to Metropolitan
Code of Laws § 2.149.040 (G), in the event the recipient fails to complete its obligations
under this grant contract within twenty-four months from execution, Metro is authorized
to rescind the contract and to reclaim previously appropriated funds from the
organization.

Cc. PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

C.1. Maximum Liability. In no event shall the maximum liability of Metro under this Grant
Contract exceed Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) (“Grant Award”). The Grant Budget,
attached and incorporated herein as part of Attachment B, details the project budget,
and the Grant Award shall constitute the maximum amount to be provided to the
Recipient by Metro for all of the Recipient's obligations hereunder. The Grant Budget
line items include, but are not limited to, all applicable taxes, fees, overhead, and all

{INO2B1585 |} Z


other direct and indirect costs incurred or to be incurred by the Recipient.

C.2. Compensation Firm. The maximum liability of Metro is not subject to escalation for any
reason. The Grant Budget amount is firm for the duration of the Grant Contract and is
not subject to escalation for any reason unless the grant contract is amended.

C.3, Payment Methodology. The Recipient shall be compensated for actual costs based
upon the Grant Budget, not to exceed the maximum liability established in Section C.1.
Upon execution of the Grant Contract and receipt of a request for payment, the
Recipient may be eligible to receive reimbursement for milestones as completed based
upon the Grant Budget.

a. Acquisition Costs
Recipient anticipates utilizing the full grant amount for acquisition and will be required to
establish an escrow account with a third party, consistent with commonly accepted
practices for real estate transactions, such as provided in Attachment E, which is
attached hereto. The final escrow agreement by and between the Recipient and escrow
agent shall be approved by the Housing Director and Metro Legal prior to the distribution
of funds by Metro to the escrow agent.

b. Grant Draws
1) Construction Grant Draw Schedule

e Recipient shall submit draw requests in accordance with the Draw Schedule
provided in Attachment C. Changes to the Draw Schedule shall require an
amendment to the Grant Contract.

e Before a draw can be made, there must be a physical inspection of the
property by Metro or an approved designee unless otherwise specified. The
inspection must confirm appropriate completion of the project.

2) Construction Grant Draw Process

* Recipient must submit draw requests in the form and according to the
directions provided by Metro.

e Allinvoices shall be sent to: BFPayments@nashville.gov

e Said payment shall not exceed the maximum liability of this Grant Contract.

e Final invoices for the contract period should be received by Metro Payment
Services by 24 months from the execution of the grant agreement. Any invoice
not received by the deadline date will not be processed and all remaining grant
funds will expire.

C.4. Close-out Expenditure and Narrative Report. The Recipient must submit a final grant
Close-out Expenditure and Narrative Report, to be received by the Metropolitan Housing
Trust Fund Commission / Barnes Housing Trust Fund within 45 days of project
completion in conjunction with the submission of the final draw on the award. Said report
shall be in form and substance acceptable to Metro and shall be prepared by a Certified
Public Accounting Firm or the Chief Financial Officer of the Recipient Organization. It

{INO2B81585 1) 3


should detail the outcomes of the activities funded under this Grant Contract.

C.5. Payment of Invoice. The payment of any invoice by Metro shall not prejudice Metro's
tight to object to the invoice or any matter in relation thereto. Such payment by Metro
shall neither be construed as acceptance of any part of the work or service provided nor
as an approval of any of the costs included therein.

C.6. Unallowable Costs. The Recipient's invoice shall be subject to reduction for amounts
included in any invoice or payment theretofore made which are determined by Metro, on
the basis of audits or monitoring conducted in accordance with the terms of this Grant
Contract, to constitute unallowable costs.

C.7. Deductions. Metro reserves the right to adjust any amounts which are or shall become
due and payable to the Recipient by Metro under this or any Contract by deducting any
amounts which are or shall become due and payable to Metro by the Recipient under
this or any Contract.

C.8. Electronic Payment. Metro requires as a condition of this contract that the Recipient
shall complete and sign Metro's form authorizing electronic payments to the Recipient.
Recipients who have not already submitted the form to Metro will have thirty (30) days to
complete, sign, and return the form. Thereafter, all payments to the Recipient, under this
or any other contract the Recipient has with Metro, must be made electronically.

C.9. Procurement. Recipient agrees and understands that procurement of goods and services
for the grant project must comply with state and focal law and regulations, including the
Metropolitan Procurement Code. Recipient will provide Metro with all plans and
specifications needed for these procurement purposes. Recipient will promptly review,
and either approve or disapprove, in good faith and with reasonable grounds all
estimates, amendments to scope of work, and all work performed by a contractor prior to
payment.

C.10. Public Meetings. At the reasonable request of Metro, Recipient agrees to attend public
meetings, neighborhood meetings, and other events regarding this Project.

C.11. Recognition. Any signage, printed materials, or online publications erected at the
applicable Project site or elsewhere regarding the Project shall include the following
language or language acceptable by Metro acknowledging that the Project is partially
funded with a grant from the Barnes Fund for Affordable Housing of the Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County:

This project funded in part by the Bames Affordable Housing Trust Fund of the
Metropolitan Government of Nashville & Davidson County.

Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission

Freddie O’Connell, Mayor

Metropolitan Council of Nashville and Davidson County

D. STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

D.1. | Required Approvals. Metro is not bound by this Grant Contract until it is approved by the
appropriate Metro representatives as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.

{NO281585 1} 4


D.2. Modification and Amendment. This Grant Contract may be modified only by a written
amendment that has been approved in accordance with all Metro procedures and by
appropriate legislation of the Metropolitan Council.

D.3. Default and Termination for Cause. Any failure by Owner to perform any term or
provision of this Grant Contract shall constitute a "Default" (1) if such failure is curable
within 30 days and Recipient does not cure such failure within 30 days following written
Notice of default from Metro, or (2) if such failure is not of a nature which cannot
reasonably be cured within such 30-day period and Recipient does not within such 30-
day period commence substantial efforts to cure such failure or thereafter does not within
a reasonable time prosecute to completion with diligence and continuity the curing of
such failure. Should the Recipient Default under this Grant Contract or if the Recipient
violates any terms of this Grant Contract, Metro shall have the right to immediately
terminate the Grant Contract and the Recipient shall return to Metro any and all grant
monies for services or projects under the grant not performed as of the termination date.
The Recipient shall also return to Metro any and all funds expended for purposes
contrary to the terms of the Grant. Such termination shall not relieve the Recipient of
any liability to Metro for damages sustained by virtue of any breach by the Recipient.

D.4. Subcontracting. The Recipient shall not assign this Grant Contract or enter into a
subcontract for any of the services performed under this Grant Contract without obtaining
the prior written approval of Metro. Notwithstanding any use of approved subcontractors,

the Recipient shall be considered the prime Recipient and shall be responsible for all
work performed.

D.5. Conflicts of Interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount shall
be paid directly or indirectly to an employee or official of Metro as wages, compensation,
or gifts in exchange for acting as an officer, agent, employee, subcontractor, or
consultant to the Recipient in connection with any work contemplated or performed
relative to this Grant Contract.

The Recipient also recognizes that no person identified as a Covered Person below may
obtain a financial interest or benefit from a Metro Housing Trust Fund Competitive Grant
assisted activity, or have an interest in any contract, subcontract, or agreement with
respect thereto, or the proceeds thereunder, either for themselves or those whom they
have family or business ties, during their tenure or for one year thereafter.

Covered Persons include immediate family members of any employee or board member
of the Recipient. Covered Persons are ineligible to receive benefits through the Metro
Housing Trust Fund Competitive Grant program. Immediate family ties include (whether
by blood, marriage, or adoption) a spouse, parent (including stepparent), child (including
a stepbrother or stepsister), sister, brother, grandparent, grandchild, and in-laws of a
Covered Person.

D.6. —Nondiscrimination. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person
shall be excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected
to discrimination in the performance of this Grant Contract or in the employment
practices of the Recipient on the grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion, sex,
national origin, or any other classification which is in violation of applicable laws. The
Recipient shall, upon request, show proof of such nondiscrimination and shall post in

conspicuous places, available to all employees and applicants, notices of
nondiscrimination.
{NO28 1585 1} 5
ARCHIVE


D.7. Records. All documents relating in any manner whatsoever to the grant project, or any
designated portion thereof, which are in the possession of Recipient, or any subcontractor
of Recipient shall be made available to the Metropolitan Government for inspection and
copying upon written request by the Metropolitan Government. Furthermore, said
documents shall be made available, upon request by the Metropolitan Government, to any
state, federal or other regulatory authority and any such authority may review, inspect,
and copy such records. Said records include, but are not limited to, all drawings, plans,
specifications, submittals, correspondence, minutes, memoranda, tape recordings, videos
or other writings or things which document the grant project, its design, and its
construction. Said records expressly include those documents reflecting the cost of
construction, including all subcontracts and payroll records of Recipient.

Recipient shall maintain documentation for all funds provided under this grant contract.
The books, records, and documents of Recipient, insofar as they relate to funds
provided under this grant contract, shall be maintained for a period of three (3) full years
from the date of the final payment. The books, records, and documents of Recipient,
insofar as they relate to funds provided under this grant contract, shall be subject to
audit at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by Metro or its duly appointed
representatives. Records shall be maintained in accordance with the standards outlined
in the Metro Grants Manual. The financial statements shall be prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles.

D.8. Monitoring. The Recipient's activities conducted, and records maintained pursuant to
this Grant Contract shall be subject to monitoring and evaluation by Metro or Metro’s
duly appointed representatives during the term of the contract and throughout the
affordability period. The Recipient shall make all audit, accounting, or financial records,
notes, and other documents pertinent to this grant available for review by the
Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability, Internal Audit or Metro's representatives,
upon request, during normal working hours.

D.9. Reporting. Recipient will be required to provide annual progress reports no later than
July 15 of each year. The progress report should summarize activity that occurred during
the previous fiscal year (July 1 — June 30). Said report shall be in a form provided by
Metro. In addition, Recipient shall submit a Close-out Expenditure and Narrative Report
as provided in section C.4 above detailing the outcome of the activities funded under
this Grant Contract.

D.10. Strict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist in any one or more cases upon the strict
performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement
shall not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of any such term, covenant,
condition, or provision. No term or condition of this Grant Contract shall be held to be
waived, modified, or deleted except by a written amendment by the appropriate parties
as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.

D.11, Insurance. The Recipient shall maintain adequate public liability and other appropriate
forms of insurance, including other appropriate forms of insurance on the Recipient's
employees, and to pay all applicable taxes incident to this Grant Contract.

D.12. Metro Liability. Metro shall have no liability except as specifically provided in this Grant
Contract.

D.13. Independent Contractor. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to
create a partnership or joint venture between the Recipient and Metro or to create the
relationship of principal and agent between or among the Recipient and Metro. The

(NO281S8S 1} 6
ARCHIVE


Recipient shall not hold itself out in a manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph.

Metro shall not become liable for any representation, act, or omission of any other party

contrary to the terms of this paragraph.

D.14. Indemnification and Hold Harmless.

a. Recipient shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Metro, its officers, agents and
employees from any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees for injuries
or damages arising, in part or in whole, from the negligent or intentional acts or
omissions of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or
independent contractors, in connection with the performance of the contract, and any
claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees arising from any failure of
Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or independent
contractors, to observe applicable laws, including, but not limited to, labor laws and
minimum wage laws.

b. Metro will not indemnify, defend, or hold harmless in any fashion the Recipient from
any claims, regardless of any language in any attachment or other document that
the Recipient may provide.

c. Recipient shall pay Metro any expenses incurred as a result of Recipient's failure to
fulfill any obligation in a professional and timely manner under this Contract.

d. Recipient's duties under this section shall survive the termination or expiration of the
grant.

D.15. Force Majeure. The obligations of the parties to this Grant Contract are subject to
prevention by causes beyond the parties’ control that could not be avoided by the
exercise of due care including, but not limited to, acts of God, riots, wars, strikes,
epidemics, or any other similar cause.

D.16. State, Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with all applicable
federal, state, and local laws and regulations in the performance of this Grant Contract.

D.17. Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction, and effect of this Grant
Contract and any and all extensions and/or modifications thereof shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The venue
for legal action concerning this Grant Contract shall be in the courts of Davidson
County, Tennessee.

D.18. Attorney Fees. Recipient agrees that, in the event either party deems it necessary to
take legal action to enforce any provision of the Grant Contract, and in the event Metro
prevails, Recipient shall pay all expenses of such action including Metro’s attorney fees
and costs at all stages of the litigation.

D.19. Completeness. This Grant Contract is complete and contains the entire understanding
between the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein, including all the
terms and conditions of the parties’ agreement. This Grant Contract supersedes any and
all prior understandings, representations, negotiations, and agreements between the
parties relating hereto, whether written or oral.

{NO2B1585 |} 7


D.20. Headings. Section headings are for reference purposes only and shall not be construed
as part of this Grant Contract.

D.21. Licensure. The Recipient and its employees and all sub-grantees shall be licensed
pursuant to all applicable federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, rules, and
regulations and shall upon request provide proof of all licenses. Recipient will obtain all
permits, licenses, and permissions necessary for the grant project.

D.22. Waiver. No waiver of any provision of this contract shall affect the right of any party
thereafter to enforce such provision or to exercise any right or remedy available to it in
the event of any other default.

D.23. Inspection. The Recipient agrees to permit inspection of the project and/or
services provided for herein, without any charge, by members of the Grantor and
its representatives.

D.24. Assignment—Consent Required. The provisions of this contract shall inure to the benefit
of and shall be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties
hereto. Except for the rights of money due to Recipient under this contract, neither this
contract nor any of the rights and obligations of Recipient hereunder shall be assigned or
transferred in whole or in part without the prior written consent of Metro. Any such
assignment or transfer shall not release Recipient from its obligations hereunder. Notice
of assignment of any rights to money due to Recipient under this Contract must be sent
to the attention of the Metro Department of Finance.

D.25. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to
offer, give or agree to give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or
former employee to solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a
gratuity or an offer of employment in connection with any decision, approval,
disapproval, recommendation, preparations of any part of a program requirement or a
purchase request, influencing the content of any specification or procurement standard,
rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any other advisory capacity in any
proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or controversy in any
proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or controversy or other
particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or subcontract or
to any solicitation or proposal therefore. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any
payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor
under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or a person
associated therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach
of the provisions of this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of
ethical standards which may result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or
suspension from participation in Metropolitan Government contracts.

(NO281585 1) 8
ARCHIVE


D.26. Communications and Contacts. All instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other
communications from the Recipient required or contemplated by this Grant Contract
shall be in writing and shall be made by facsimile transmission, email, or by first class
mail, addressed to the respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or address
as set forth below or to such other party, facsimile number, or address as may be
hereafter specified by written notice.

Metro:

Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission / Barnes Housing Trust Fund

Planning Department — Housing Division

PO Box 196300

Nashville, TN 37219

BarnesFund@nashville.gov

Recipient:

Southeast Community Capital Corporation dba Pathway Lending

Hank Helton

201 Venture Circle

Nashville, TN 37228

615-425-7171

Hank.helton@pathwaylending.org

D.27. Lobbying. The Recipient certifies, to the best of its knowledge and belief, that:

a. No federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid, by or on behalf of the
Recipient, to any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or
employee of any agency, a Member of Congress in connection with the awarding of
any federal contract, the making of any federal grant, the making of any federal loan,
and entering into of any cooperative agreement, and the extension, continuation,
renewal, amendment, or modification of any federal contract, grant, loan, or
cooperative agreement.

b. If any funds other than federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid to
any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any
agency, a Member of Congress, an officer or employee of Congress, or an employee
of a Member of Congress in connection with this grant, loan, or cooperative
agreement, the Recipient shall complete and submit Standard Form-LLL, “Disclosure
Form to Report Lobbying,” in accordance with its instructions.

c. The Recipient shall require that the language of this certification be included in the
award documents for all sub-awards at all tiers (including sub-grants, subcontracts,
and contracts under grants, loans, and cooperative agreements) and that all
subcontractors of federally appropriated funds shall certify and disclose accordingly.

D.28. Effective Date. This contract shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed
first by the Recipient and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan

Government and has been filed in the office of the Metropolitan Clerk. When it has been

so signed and filed, this contract shall be effective as of the date first written above.

{NO281585 1} 9
ARCHIVE


(THIS PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK)
1N028 1585 1} 10
ARCHIVE


THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF RECIPIENT:
NASHVILLE AND DAVIi COUNTY:
ASH : e AVIDGON COUNTY Southeast Conimunity Capital Corporation dba
APPROVED AS TO PROGRAM SCOPE: . .
Pathway Lending
Peter Westorhol Noha
; Peter Westerholm (Aug 28, 2024 an 7) By Soh
. SO n
Peter Westerholm, Chair Title: Exective Jun Prien dent”
Metropolitan Trust Fund Commission
Sworn.to and subscribed to. befpre mea
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF Notary Public, this 28: day of 3 ul st ;
FUNDS: 2024.
. WWM tia,
bear ¥- SUNN TaNE SCION Raprner vse cee , ai : : 7
Kevin Crumbo, Director [Notary Public-seal] SOEs oy
Department of Finance s¥s STATE , O%
3 Tennessee) =
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY: x gh, puBuc Ze &
| Rp OS
Assistant Metropolitan Attorney CS
APPROVED AS TO RISK AND
INSURANCE:
. Notary Public
Director of Risk Management Services ’ ;
Vs mission 2.9.27
APPROVED BY METROPOLITAN My Commission expires ae
GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND
DAVIDSON COUNTY:
Coal, Ct |
Freddie O'Connell
Metropolitan County Mayor :
Date SEP 19 2024
a 7 ; s ~
ATTEST thi | he (AW of Sepemlaey’, 202%.
fl An JRE
BY: x \. shiv hall _f
- Metropolitan:Clerk
1N0281585.1) i


ATTACHMENT A
(
Barnes Housing Trust Fund Scope of Work Contract Number: 2024-R13-PL
Funding Round Number: 13
Organization Name: Southeast Community Capital Corporation dba Pathway Lending
Project Location: 2920 Hamilton Church Road, Antioch 37013
Project Type: Rental New Construction
Grant Award: $2,000,000
Metro Property Award: N/A
Total Number of Units: 68
Total Number of Barnes Fund Units by Income Target:

S$ 30% AMI 31-60% AMI 61-80% AMI
CL SOdts—<C—CSSC CT
Project Summary:

The development at 2920 Hamilton Church Road will consist of 62 low-income units built in garden
style apartment buildings and townhomes. Located in a growing area of Nashville in need of
additional affordable housing, this development will provide workforce housing to those making 60%
or less AMI, with 20% of the development set aside for households earning 50% or less AMI.
Southeast Community Capital Corporation doa Pathway Lending (“Pathway”) is the sole shareholder
of the PL Autumn Lake, Inc. the sole general partner of Autumn Lake Apartments, L.P., the owner of
the Project. Pathway will loan the funds to the owner of the Project.


ATTACHMENT B
Barnes Housing Trust Fund Grant Budget
ARCHIVE


ARCHIVE


USES

Total Development Cost $ 18,475,068 Barnes 750,000 |
Property Cost 1,250,000 ‘Barnes 1,250,000
Operating Deficit 440,505

Developer Fee 2,200,000

Pathway Dev Fee 400,000

TOTAL USES $ 22,765,573 (0)

SOURCES - : |

First” “$7,145,000 31.39%

Second 0 0.00%

Equity 13,354,467 58.66%

Barnes 2,000,000 8.79%

Other |

Other 0

DDF 10% 266,106 1.17%

TOTAL SOURCES __$ 22,765,573 10.00%

ARCHIVE


ARCHIVE


ATTACHMENT C
Barnes Housing Trust Fund Draw Schedule
The following percentages are based on the Barnes Fund grant award.
Draw# % of Grant Milestone
4 60% For acquisition costs upon receipt of an executed escrow
agreement and copy of sales contract. Recipient must provide copy
of closing statement for project files after closing on the property.
Metro will not release additional funds until the closing statement is
provided.
2 15% Documented predevelopment costs and developer fee.
3 5% Upon receipt of the building permit, proof of builder's risk insurance
with Metro Nashville listed as a lien holder.
4 5% Plumbing, electrical, and mechanical roughed-in, inspected, and
passed by Metro Codes; roofing complete.
5 10% Doors, cabinets, counter tops, drywall, trim installed.
6 5% Receipt of Final Use & Occupancy letter from Metro Codes.
Note: Draw requests 4 & 5 must be inspected by a third-party inspector contracted with Metro prior
to the release of funds. All draw requests require documentation and are paid on a reimbursable
basis.


ATTACHMENT D
8
3 yt % By v
UNS 2G
Required Documents
The following are required items pursuant to Metropolitan Code 5.04.070:

1. A copy of the nonprofit's corporate charter or other articles, constitution, bylaws, or
instruments of organization;

2. A copy ofa letter from the Internal Revenue Service evidencing the fact that the
organization is a nonprofit, tax-exempt organization under the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended;

3. A statement of the nature and extent of the organization's program that serves the residents
of the metropolitan government;

4. The proposed use of the funds to be provided by the metropolitan government (See
Attachment A);

5. The proposed budget of the organization, indicating all sources of funds and a line-item
identification of the proposed expenditure of metropolitan government funds (See
Attachment B);

6. A copy of the nonprofit’s annual audit or other required financial documentation described in
Metro Code subsection 5.04.070(E).


7 ee, RECEIVED APR 29 2019
iy os Sot Division of Business Services
8[ i/o tloa ia\vO\
(a ae Department of State
a mE, fiS]$
x nee? State of Tennessee
Soe ye 312 Rosa L. Parks AVE, 6th FL
*eeerees? Nashville, TN 37243-1102
Tre Hargett
Secretary of State
Penta. it
PATHWAY LENDING
RICHARD BIRD
201 VENTURE CIR
NASHVILLE, TN 37228-1603
Request Type: Certified Copies Issuance Date: 04/24/2019
Request #: 313840 Copies Requested: 1
tS @BcumentReceipt = SCSCSC~<~S
Receipt #: 004775209 Filing Fee: $20.00
Payment-Check/MO - SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORP., NASHVILLE, TN $20.00
|, Tre Hargett, Secretary of State of the State of Tennessee, do hereby certify that SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY
CAPITAL CORPORATION, Control # 381683 was formed or qualified to do business in the State of Tennessee on
12/21/1999. SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION has a home jurisdiction of TENNESSEE and is
currently in an Active status. The attached documents are true and correct copies and were filed in this office on the
date(s) indicated below.
: Tre Hargett ;
Secretary of State
Processed By: Rebecca Neally
The attached document(s) was/were filed in this office on the date(s) indicated below:
Reference # Date Filed Filing Description
3783-0605 12/21/1999 Initial Filing
3789-1215 - 01/14/2000 Assumed Name
4056-1948 12/08/2000 Amended and Restated Formation Documents
4338-3042A 11/21/2001 Amended and Restated Formation Documents
5603-1391 11/16/2005 Amended and Restated Formation Documents
6274-2511 04/01/2008 2007 Annual Report (Due 04/01/2008)
6720-0077 05/11/2010 Assumed Name
A0113-0462 03/28/2012 2011 Annual Report (Due 04/01/2012)
A0221-0270 . 03/12/2014 2013 Annual Report (Due 04/01/2014)
B0048-0935 01/27/2015 Assumed Name
BO0073-1456 03/19/2015 2014 Annual Report (Due 04/01/2015)
B0074-8359 04/07/2015 Assumed Name Renewal
B0133-6902 09/24/2015 Amended and Restated Formation Documents
Phone (615) 741-6488 * Fax (615) 741-7310 * Website: http://tnbear.tn.gow/
Page 1 of 1


i er era ¢ es ie 2B meq en OH
RECEIVED ,
SUAIE OF TFMNeSseE Charter
S90EC 21 PHIO: 57 of
Sippy Map i e. °
Leéhnology 2020 Finance Corporation, Inc.
The undersigned person, having capacity to contract and acting as incorporator of a
corporation under the Tennessee Nonprofit Corporation Act, Tennessee Code Annotated
Sections 48-51-101, et seq., adopts the following Charter for such nonprofit corporation:
Name 1. The name of the corporation is Technology 2020 Finance
Corporation, Inc.
Public Benefit 2. — This corporation is a public benefit corporation.
Corporation 3: The initial registered office of the corporation is Woolf,
Registered McClane, Bright, Allen & Carpenter, PLLC, 900 Riverview
Office and Tower, 900 So. Gay Street, Knoxville, Knox County,
Registered Tennessee 37902-1810; and its registered agent at that office
Agent and its registered agent at that office is James M. McCarten.
Incorporator 3. The name of the incorporator is James M. McCarten, and his
address is 900 Riverview Tower, 900 S. Gay Street,
Knoxville, Tennessee 37902-1810.
Principal
Office 4. The street address and zip code of the principal office of the
corporation is Technology 2020, 1020 Commerce Park Drive,
Oak Ridge, Tennessee 37830. i
Not for Profit 5. The corporation is not for profit.
Members 6. The corporation will not have members.
Purpose 7. The purposes for which this corporation is organized are as
follows:
185071.1 1


ial r 2? | n° 2 cr ; Se - Bae oR es ares: ee a ee , aie
"RECEIVED {a) The corporation has been organized and shall be
STALE OF TFUNESSEE operated primarily as a community based financial
" organization engaged in, among other activities,
S3DEC 21 PHIOS7 developing an Empowerment fund designed solely for
RILEY GAckeLe the purpose of assisting low to moderate income
SECRETARY OF STATE communities engaged in job creation for their |
communities in East Tennessee. This economic
development initiative is to promote the growth of
private investment and to assist business enterprises
that will contribute to the economic development of the
: State of Tennessee. The corporation shall lawfully
engage in any and all activities related to such efforts
and necessary to promote that growth. The corporation
has been organized as a supportive organization to
Technology 2020 for its charitable, religious,
educational and scientific purposes within the meaning
of Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code,
including the making of distributions to and support of
other organizations that qualify as exempt organizations
under Section SO1(c)(3) of the Code or to any
corresponding section of any future federal tax code.
(b) The corporation is irrevocably dedicated to and
operated exclusively for nonprofit purposes; and no :
part of the income or assets of the corporation shall be
distributed to or inure to the benefit of any individual.
(c) The specific purposes for which the corporation is
organized are (1) to support the exempt purposes of
Technology 2020, a Section 501(c)(3) tax exempt
entity, and (2) to be a supporting organization created
as a community-based financial institution that is of a
charitable nature, and provides charitable, educational,
and financial programs. The corporation shall also
provide technical and financial assistance to early stage
and start-up companies in the state of Tennessee, whose
participation in the free enterprise system has been
hampered because of social and/or economic
disadvantages associated with its formation,
organization and/or location in Tennessee,
(a) The corporation shall neither have nor exercise any
power, nor shall it directly or indirectly engage in any
185071, 2
E


mag tt . . _ ee Ls a ee
activity, that would (1) prevent it from obtaining
., 1 RECEIVED ai exemption from federal income taxation as a
STATE OF TENNESSEE corporation described in Section 501(c)(3) of the
S3DEC 21 PHIO:57 Internal Revenue Code, or (2) cause it to lose such
— exemption.
slic dS
elaine (e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Charter,
the corporation shall only conduct or carry on activities
permitted to be conducted or carried on by an
organization exempt under Section 501(c)(3) of the ;
Internal Revenue Code and its Regulations or by an
organization, contributions to which are deductible
under Section 170(c)(2) of such Code and Regulations,
or any successor provisions, so long as they may be in
effect.
Powers 8. As a means of accomplishing the purposes for which it is
organized, the corporation shall have the rights and powers
now or later conferred upon not for profit corporations by the
laws of the State of Tennessee, limited in certain respects as
follows:
(a) The corporation shall neither have nor exercise any
power, nor shall it directly or indirectly engage in any
. activity, that would (1) prevent it from obtaining
exemption from federal income taxation as a
corporation described in Section 501(c)(3) of the
Internal Revenue Code, or (2) cause it to lose such
exemption.
{b) The corporation shal] not be operated for the primary
purpose of carrying on a trade or business for profit.
(c) Except as may be permitted from time to time under
Section 501 of the Internal Revenue Code, no
substantial part of the activities of the corporation shalt
consist of carrying on propaganda, or otherwise
attempting to influence legislation; nor shall it in any
manner or to any extent participate in, or intervene in
{including the publishing or distribution of statements), ;
any political campaign on behalf of any candidate for
public office; nor shall the corporation engage in any
185071.1 3 4


Ene ao wine wo Het tom attnwe a eee * ait GS Ces Gers oes
RECEIVED activities that are unlawful under applicable federal,
STATE OF TFHNESSEE state, or local laws.
SSDEC 21 PHIO:ST {d) The corporation is not being formed for any purpose
RILEY ScgbIELL for which there are other specific statutory provisions
SECRETARY OF STATE in the State of Tennessee concerning its formation and
is not being organized for a purpose or purposes which
require authorization under the laws or statutory
regulations of the State of Tennessee.
(e) Upon dissolution of the corporation, the assets of the
corporation shall be distributed in accordance with a
plan of distribution adopted by the Board of Directors
between and among the following entities: First,
Technology 2020 (so long as that entity is still qualified
as exempt from federal taxation pursuant to the
provisions of Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue
Code and its regulations), the Federal government or
the State of Tennessee or any of its political
subdivisions (but limited to those political subdivisions
which the corporation treated as its primary service
area), provided that the assets shall be used by the
Grantee for purposes substantially similar to those
undertaken by the dissolving corporation. Any assets
not so distributed, shall be disposed of by order of the
appropriate court of local jurisdiction of the county in
which the principal office of said corporation was last
located, exclusively for such purposes as served by the
dissolving corporation and may be distributed by such ,
court to such organization or organizations as the court
shall determine ‘were organized for and operated
exclusively for the same or substantially similar
purposes as the dissolving corporation, In no event
shall the corporation's property be conveyed to any
organization created or operated for profit or to any —
individual for less than the fair market value of such
property, and all assets remaining after payment to the
corporation's debts shall be conveyed or distributed to
an organization created or operated for nonprofit
purposes similar to those of the corporation as set forth
above. -
188071. 4 ; sg


Sess oh eae By ne am ee See oe es
Lisl 0 A 3. No director of the corporation shall incur any personal
NESEEE liability to the corporation for monetary damages or any
SSDEC 21 Pip: 57 breach of his or her fiduciary duty as a director, provided,
AILEY tres however, that this provision shall not eliminate or limit the
SECRETARY GF Stare liability of a director;

(a) for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the
corporation;

(b) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve
intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law;
or

(c) for any unlawful distribution under Tennessee Code
Annotated Section 48-58-304.

It is intended that these provisions shall provide for limitation

of liability of the directors to the fullest extent permitted by

law.

Indemnification 11. (a) Any director or officer shall be entitled to
indemnification or to advancement of expenses incurred
by him in connection with any proceeding to which he
is a party because he is or was a director or an officer
of the corporation, arising out of his status as a director
or officer; provided, however, that no indemnification
may be made to or on behalf of any director or officer
if a judgment or other final adjudication adverse to the
director or officer establishes his liability:

(1) for any breach of the duty of loyalty to the
corporation;

(2) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which
involve intentional misconduct or a knowing
violation of law; or

(3) for any unlawful distribution under Tennessee
Code Annotated 48-58-304.

_ 18S071 5 a" .


BS . _ . . er be — 24 eo mem om Saleh
(b) It is intended that these provisions provide for
RECEIVER indemnification and advancement of expenses of the
STATE OF TFHRESSEE directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by
99DEC21 Pit I0:S7 ae

ull Mai na gem lent 12, The management and regulation of the affairs of the
SECRETARY OF STATE corporation shall be by a board of directors, whose number,
term, and qualifications shall be established by the bylaws of
the corporation. The provisions for management and
regulation of the affairs of the corporation will be enumerated

in the bylaws of the corporation.

Amendment 13, The provisions of the Charter may be amended, repealed or
modified, but only by an affirmative vote of greater than
eighty percent (80%) of the then sitting directors; provided,
however, that no provisions of this Charter shal! be changed,
modified or repealed in such a manner as to be inconsistent
with the objects and purposes for which this corporation is
formed.

Internal

Revenue Code

and Regulations 14. All references in this Charter to the Internal Revenue Code
shall include the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
further amendments to the sections cited, and corresponding
sections of any future laws, together with all valid regulations
thereunder,

Executed IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned incorporator has

executed this Charter this 20th day of December, 1999,
‘ames M. McCart ,
Incorporator
185071.) a: :
a * ria = : ‘ i A i ist SSO Sep; . E


, . BTS ASS
ED APPLICATION FOR REGISTRATION OF ASSUMED
RECEM Giessee
gave oF TENNER CORPORATE NAME
oo aw vs AIFS
+ pe RWELLe on 7
RILEY, Ii Nianists the provisions of Section 48-14-101(d) of the Tennessee Business
Se(@olporation Act, the undersigned corporation (the "Corporation") hereby submits this
application:
1. The true name of the Corporation is “Technology 2020 Finance Corporation,
Inc."
2. The state of organization of the Corporation is Tennessec,
3. The Corporation intends to transact business under an assumed corporate
name.
4. The assumed name the Corporation proposes to use is “The Empowerment
Fund",
Dated this 13th day of January, 2000.
TECHNOLOGY 2020 FINANCE
CORPORATION, INC.
PO,
By y
Japies M. McCarter
corporator
188669.1
a v


. . “hid sits Wt bes
Amended and Restated Charter
of
2 """ Technology 2020
Finance Corporation, Inc.

Pursuant to Section 48-60-106 of the Tennessee Nonprofit Corporation Act, Tennessee
Code Annotated, Sections 48-51-101, et seg., TECHNOLOGY 2020 FINANCE Corporation,
INC, adopts the fallowing Amended and Restated Charter.

The original Charter of the Corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of Tennessee
on or about December 21, 1999, The contro) number of the Corporation is 0381683.

This Amended and Restated Charter contains one of more amendments to the original
Charter of the Corporation and has heen approved by the entire Board of Directors of the
Corporation.

This Amended and Restated Charter supersedes the original Charter of the Corporation and
al! amendments thereto.

Name $, The name of the Corporation is Technology 2020 Finance
Corporation, Inc,
Public Benefit 2. This Corporation is a public benefit corporation,
Corporation 3. The initial registered office of the Corporation is Woolf,
Registered McClane, Bright, Allen & Carpenter, PLLC, 900 Riverview
Office and Tower, 900 S. Gay Street, Knoxville, Knox County,
Registered Tennessee 37902-1810; and ils registered agent at that office
Agent is James M. McCarten.
esi 1
ARCHI


. : ce ee Oe
Incorporator 4. The name of the incorporator is James M. McCarten, and his
address is 900 Riverview Tower, 900 S. Gay Street, Knoxville,

Tennessee 37902-1810, ,

Office sy pes \\The street address and zip code of the principal office of the
Lane Corporation is Technology 2020, 1020 Commerce Park Drive, Oak
Ridge, Tennessee 37830.
Not for Profit 6. The Corporation is not for profit,
Members te The Corporation will not have members.
Purpose 8. The purposes for which this Corporation is organized are as
follows:

(a) General Description, 'The Corporation has been organized
and shall be operated primarily as a community based
financial organization engaged in developing funding
programs designed solely for the purpose of assisting low to
moderate income communities engaged in job creation for
their communities throughout Tennessee and the
Appalachian corridor.

The Corporation provides capital and technical assistance in
underserved markets in Tennessee and the Appalachian
corridor by creating economic opportunities through job
creation for those underserved communities which lack
adequate access to capital and financial services,
The Corporation shall lawfully engage in any and all
activities related to such efforts and necessary to promote the
economic opportunities referred 19 above. The Corporation
has been organized as a supportive organization to
Technology 2020 for its charitable, religious, educational
und scientific purposes within the meaning of Section
501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, including the
making of distributions (o and support of other organizations
that qualify as exempt organizations under Section 501(c)(3)
of the Code or to any corresponding section of any future
federal tax code,

(b) Nonprofit Exclusively The Corporation is irrevocably
dedicated to and operated exclusively for nonprofit
purposes, and no part of the income or assets of the

10719,00
218540. 2


; ehattats a ee! el
Corporation shall be distributed to or inure to the benefit of
any individual.
= (c) A Supporting Organization. The specific purposes for
we & which the Corporation is organized are (1) to support the
rice : exempt purposes of Technology 2020, a Section 501(c)(3)
a oe tax exempt entily, and (2) to be a supporting organization
“i created as a community-based financial institution that is of
acharitable nature, and provides charitable, educational. and
financial programs. The Corporation shall also provide
technical and financial assistance to start-up and early stage
companies in the state of Tennessee, whose participation in
the free enterprise system has heen hampered because of
social and/or economic disadvantages associated with its
formation, organization and/or location in Tennessee.
(d) Limitations, Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Charter, the Corporation shall only conduct or carry on
activities permitted to be conducted or carried on by an
organization exempt under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal
Revenue Code and its Regulations or by an organization,
contributions to which are deductible under Section
170(¢){(2) of such Code and Regulations, or any successor
provisions, so long as they may be in effect.
(e} Dissolution, Upon dissolution af the Corporation, the assets
of the Corporation shall be distributed in accordance with a
plan of distribution adopted hy the Board of Directors
between and among the following entities: First, Technology
2020 (so long as that entity is still quafified as exempt from
federal taxation pursuant to the provisions of Section
§01(c)(3) af the Internal Revenue Code and its regulations),
* and next, to the Federal government or the State of
Tennessee or any of its political subdivisions (but limited (o
those political subdivisions which the Corporation treated as
its primary service area), provided that the assets shall be
used by the Grantee for purposes substantially similar to
those undertaken by the dissolving Corporation. Any assets
not so distributed, shall be disposed of by order of the
appropriate court of local jurisdiction of the county in which
the principal office of said Corporation was last located,
exclusively for such purposes as served by the dissolving
Corporation and may be distributed by such court to such
organization or organizations as the court shall determine
were organized for and operated exclusively for the same or
1019700
218540.1 3 :
ARCHIVE


: . MOIS oe Lest sh

Substantially similar purposes as the dissolving Corporation.
In no event shall the Corporation's property be conveyed to
any organization created or operated for profit or to any
e individual for less than the fair market value of such
0 OG Property, and all assets remaining after payment to the
aye is * Corporation's debts shall be conveyed or distributed to an
eh yn organization created or operated for nonprofit purposes

Similar to those of the Corporation as set forth above,

{f) No Statutory Authorization, The Corporation is not being
formed for any purpose for which there are other specific
Statutory provisions in the State of Tennessee concerning its
formation and is not being organized for a purpose or
purposes which require authorization under the laws or
statutory regulations of the State of Tennessee,

Powers 9. Asa means of accomplishing the purposes for which it is organized,
the Corporation shall have the rights and powers now or later
conferred upon not for profit Corporations by the kiws of the State
of Tennessee, limited in certain respects as follows:

(a) The Corporation shall neither have nor exercise any power,
nor shall it directly or indirectly engage in any activity, that
would (1) prevent it from obtaining exemption from federal
income taxition as & Corporation described in Section
501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, or (2) cause it to
Jose such exemption,

(bh) The Corporation shall not be operated for the primary
Purpose of carrying on a trade or business for profit
unrelated to ils exempt purpose(s).

(ce) Except us aity be permitted from time to time under Section
501 of the Internal Revenue Code, no substantial part of the
activities of the Corporation shall consist of carrying on
Propaganda, or otherwise attempting to influence legislation;
Nor shall it in any manner or to any extent participate in, or
intervene in (including the publishing or distribution of
Statements), any political campaign on behalf of any
candidate for public office; nor shall the Corporation engage
in any activities that are unlawful under applicable federal,
state, or local Jaws.

10/1900

218540.1 4

. ARCHIVE


. = PH TB oy Tcrad'y5et

Personal

Liability 10. (a) Directors. To the fullest extent allowed by the laws of the

State of Tennessee under Tennessee Code Annotated Section

48-58-601. no present or future director of the Corporation

on be (or his or her estate, heirs and personal representatives) shall

aie, oe be liable to the Corporation for monetary damages for

oon - breach of fiduciary duty as a director of the Corporation,

‘ , However, this provision shall not limit the fiability of a

director for conduct amounting to willful, wanton or gross

negligence. It is intended that these provisions shall provide

for & limitation of personal liability of the directors 10 the

fullest extent permited by laws of the State af Tennessee,

both as now in effect and as hereafter adopted or amended,

ih} Officers, ‘To the fullest extent allowed by the laws of the

State of Tennessee under Tennessee Code Annotated Section

48-58-601, no present or future officer of the Corporation

(or his or her estate, heirs and personal representatives) shall

be Hable to the Corporaion for monetary damages. for

breach of fiduciary duty ay an officer of the Corporation,
Indemnification VW. Ga) Any director or officer shall be entitled to indemnification or

to advancement of expenses incurred by him in connection

with any proceeding 10 which he is a party because he is or

Wis a director or an officer of the Corporation, arising out

of his status as a director or officer; provided, however, that

no indemnification may be made to or on behalf of any
director ur officer if a judgment or other final adjudication
adverse to the director or officer establishes his liability:

(1) for any breach of the duty of foyalty tw the
Corporation;

(2) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which
involve intentional misconduct’ ar a knowing
violation of Jaw; or

(3) for any unlawful distribution under Tennessee Code
Annotated 48-58-304,

(b) It is intended that these provisions provide for
indemnification and advancement of expenses of the
, directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by law.
10739700
218540,1 5
— ARCHIVE


oe ; Mheatsrn Woes s
Management 12. The management and regulation of the affairs of the Corporation shall be
by a board of directors, whose number, term, and qualifications shall be
established by the bylaws of the Corporation. The provisions for
Management and regulation of the affairs of the Corporation will be
voy emumerated in the bylaws of the Corporation,
‘ j Amendment 13. <The provisions of the Charter may be amended, repealed or modified, but
_ only by an affirmative vote of greater than eighty percent (80%) of the then
sitting directors: provided, however, that no provisions of this Charter shal}
be changed, modified or repealed in such a manner as to be inconsistent
With the bjects and purposes for which this Corporation is formed.
Internal :
Revenue Code
and Regulations I4. All references in this Charter w the Internal Revenue Code shall
include the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, further
amendments to the sections cited, and corresponding sections of any
future Jaws, together with all valid regulations thereunder,
Executed IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Officer has executed this
Amended and Restated Charter this 1@ day of Wow Au, . 2000.
TECHNOLOGY 2020 FINANCE
Corporation, INC,
By; Dono.
Don Welty \
President
10759100
18540,1 6


: ulate Aidt ts oh
CERTIFICATE REGARDING
AMENDED AND RESTATED CHARTER
4 ol ‘THE undersigned officer of Technology 2020 Finance Corporation, Inc. (the
“Corporation") hereby certifies to the Secretary of State of Tennessee as follows:
1, Iam the President of the Corporation.
2. The Corporation does not have members.
3: The foregoing Amended and Restated Charter of the Corporation (the
"Restated Charter") (a) restates the Charter of the Corporation: (b) does not contain amendments
requiring approval by the members or any person other than the Board of Directors: and (c) was
approved and duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation on October (9 .
2000.
4, The Restated Charter does not contain amendments requiring approval by
a person whose approval is required pursuant to Section 48-60-301.
This Certificate is made and filed pursuant to Section 48-60-106(h) of the Tennessee
Nonprofit Corporation Act.
Thise2o_ day of Dowuna. . 2000,
TECHNOLOGY 2020 FINANCE CORPORATION, INC,
By:
Don Welty
President
248555.1


ee Ggae SaaS
Second Amended and Restated Charter
gccettines™ of
sin y y 8 ° °
southeast Community Capital
ee" Corporation
{formerly known as Technology 2020 Finance Corporation, Inc.)
Pursuant to Section 48-60-106 of the Tennessee Nonprofit Corporation Act, Tennessee
Cade Annotated, Sections 48-51-101, et seg, SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL
CORPORATION (formerly known as Technology 2020 Finance Corporation, Inc.) (the
"Corporatlon") adopts the following Second Amended and Restated Charter.
a The original Charter of the Corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of Tennessee ;
, on or about December 21, 1999, The Amended and Restated Charter of the Corporation was filed .
with the Secretary of State of Tennessee on or about December 8, 2000. The control number of
; the Corporation is 0381683, ,.
This Second Amended and Restated Charter contains one of more amendments to the
Amended and Restated Charter of the Corporation and has been approved by the entire Board of
. Directors of the Corporation.
This Second Amended and Restated Charter supersedes the original Charter of the
; Corporation and all amendments thereto.
Name : 1. The name of the Corporation is changed to Southeast Community
: Capital Corporation,
|_—___-Public- Benefit _~2,_—-This-Corporation.is-a-public-benefit-corporation, ———————_-—___"
| Corporation 3. — The initial registered office of the Corporation is Woolf, . a.
: 251627.1 ; 1 . !


cae mete : & fy aE SEE Yer =, TRI oe - 3 . . Roce wecaed
Registered McClane, Bright, Allen & Carpenter, PLLC, 900 Riverview
. Office and Tower, 900 S. Gay Street, Knoxville, Knox County, ’
Registered Tennessee 37902-1810; and its registered agent at that office
Agent is James M. McCarten.
Incorporator 4, The name of the incorporator is James M. McCarten, and his
address is 900 Riverview Tower, 900 S. Gay Street, Knoxville,
Tennessee 37902-1810. ‘
Principal
Office 5. The street address and zip code of the principal office of the
Corporation is 1020 Commerce Park Drive, Oak Ridge, Tennessee
37830.
Not for Profit 6. The Corporation is not for profit,
Members 7, The Corporation will not have members.
Purpose 8. The purposes for which this Corporation is organized are as
j follows:
(a) | General Description. The Corporation has been organized
and shall be operated primarily as a community-based
financial organization engaged in developing funding
programs designed solely for the purpose of assisting low to
moderate income communities engaged in job creation for
their communities throughout Alabama, Georgia, Kentucky,
Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee
(referred to as the Southern Appalachian corridor),
The Corporation provides access to capital arid’ technical
assistance in these underserved markets of the Southern 4
Appalachian corridor by creating economic opportunities
through job creation for those underserved..communities ‘
which lack adequate access to capital and financlal services.
The Corporation shall lawfully engage in any and all
activities related to such efforts and necessary. to promote the
. economic opportunities referred to above, The Corporation
; has been organized as a supportive’ organization to 4
Technology 2020 for its charitable, religious, educational
and scientific purposes within the ‘meaning of Section
501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, including the |
, ; -making of distributions to and support of other organizations - °
that qualify as exempt organizations under Section 501(c)(3) —.
; of the Code or to any corresponding section of'any future — :
: federal tax code, a
= * 257821.1 2: i Pa os E
7 AREHVE


ve : ERA eta
(b) Nonprofit Exclusively, The Corporation is irrevocably
dedicated to and operated exclusively for nonprofit
purposes, and no part of the income or assets of the
Corporation shall be distributed to or inure to the benefit of
any individual.
(c) A Supporting Organization. The specific purposes for
which the Corporation is organized are (1) to support the
exempt purposes of Technology 2020, a Section 501(c)(3)
tax exempt entity, and (2) to be a supporting organization
created as a community-based financial institution that is of
acharitable nature, and provides charitable, educational, and
financial programs. The Corporation also shall provide
technical and financial assistance to start-up, early stage and
other companies whose participation in the free enterprise
system has been hampered because of social and/or
economic disadvantages associated with its formation,
organization and/or location in the Southern Appalachian
corridor, in order to assist in job creation for the
communities that they work within.
(d) Limitations. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Charter, the Corporation shall only conduct or carry on
activities permitted to be conducted or carried on by an
organization exempt under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal
Revenue Code and its Regulations or by an organization,
contributions to which are deductible under Section
; 170(c)(2) of such Code and Regulations, or any successor :
provisions, so long as they may be in effect,
3 {e) Dissolution. Upon dissolution of the Corporation, the assets
of the Corporation shall be distributed in accordance with a
plan of distribution adopted by the Board of Directors
between and among the following entities: First, Technology
2020 (so long as that entity is still qualified as exempt from
federal taxation pursuant to the provisions of Section
501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code and its regulations),
and next, to the Federal government or the State of
Tennessee or any of its political subdivisions (but limited to
those political subdivisions which the Corporation treated as
ils primary service area), provided that the assets shall be |
. used by the Grantee for purposes substantially similar to -
; those undertaken by the dissolving Corporation. Any assets
= not so distributed, shall be disposed of by order of the _ a
j appropriate court of local jurisdiction of the county im which ~~~
: the principal office of said Corporation was Jast located, .  ~
251627. 3
E


renting terer cts meen fetta ES LB rbiep ee ,
exclusively for such purposes as served by the dissolving
Corporation and may be distributed by such court to such :
organization or organizations as the court shall determine
f were organized for and operated exclusively for the same or
substantially similar purposes as the dissolving Corporation,
In no event shall the Corporation's property be conveyed to
any organization created or operated for profit or to any
individual for less. than the fair market value of such
property, and all assets remaining after payment to the
Corporation's debts shall be conveyed or distributed to an
organization created or operated for nonprofit purposes
similar to those of the Corporation as set forth above.
(f) No Statutory Authorization. The Corporation is not being
formed for any purpose for which there are other specific
statutory provisions in the State of Tennessee concerning its
formation and is not being organized for a purpose or
purposes which require authorization under the laws or
statutory regulations of the State of Tennessee,
Powers 9. Asameans of accomplishing the purposes for which it is organized, ‘
F the Corporation shall have the rights and powers now or later

conferred upon not for profit Corporations by the laws of the State

of Tennessee, limited in certain respects as follows: :

{a) The Corporation shall neither have nor exercise any power, ;
nor shall it directly or indirectly engage in any activity, that

a would (1) prevent it from obtaining exemption from federal”
income taxation as a Corporation described in Section
501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenuc Code, or (2} cause it to
lose such exemption.

(b) The Corporation shall not be operated for the primary ,
purpose of carrying on a trade or business for profit ;
unrelated to its exempt purpose(s). ‘

(c) Except as may be permitted from time to time under Section: ;

501 of the Internal Revenue Code, no substantial partofthe. =~ =
activities of the Corporation shail consist of carrying on
: propaganda, or otherwise attempting to influence legislation; . .
| nor shall it in any manner or to any extent participate in, or” _
. intervene in (including the publishing or distribution of a)
Statements), any ‘political campaign on behalf of. any oe
i candidate for public office; nor shall the Corporation. engages
oe invany-activitis tliat are unlawful under applicable federal ©
state, or local laws. : ot
957627. 4 rete g
N Ld =IY E


af —-s oF hit aes - x ie:
Personal
Liability 10. (a) Directors. To the fullest extent allowed by the laws of the
. State of Tennessee under Tennessee Code Annotated Section
48-58-601, no present or future director of the Corporation
(or his or her estate, heirs and personal Tepresentatives) shall
be liable to the Corporation for monetary damages for
breach of fiduciary duty as a director of the Corporation.
However, this provision shall not limit the liability of 4
director for conduct amounting to willful, wanton or gross
negligence. It is intended that these provisions shall provide
for a limitation of personal liability of the directors to the
fullest extent permitted by laws of the State of Tennessee,
both as now in effect and as hereafter adopted or amended, E
(b) Officers. To the fullest extent allowed by the laws of the
State of Tennessee under Tennessee Code Annotated Section
48-58-601, no present or future officer of the Corporation
(or his or her estate, heirs and personal representatives) shall
be liable to the Corporation for monetary damages for
breach of fiduciary duty as an officer of the Corporation.
Indemnification 11, (a) ~~ Any director or officer shall be entitled to indemnification or
to advancement of expenses incurred by him in connection
with any proceeding to which he is a party because he is or
was a director or an officer of the Corporation, arising out
of his status as a director or officer; provided, however, that
no indemnification may be made to or on behalf of any
director or officer if a judgment or other final adjudication
adverse to the director or officer establishes his liability:
(1) for any breach of the duty of loyalty to the
Corporation;
(2) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which
involve intentional misconduct or a knowing
violation of law; or
. (3) for any unlawful distribution under Tennessee Code 2
Annotated 48-58-304,
" . (b) It is intended that these provisions provide for i
indemnification and advancement of expenses of the.
Se ae directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by law. :
251627.1 5
i E


cee Se HOae
. Management 12. The management and regulation of the affairs of the Corporation shall be
by a board of directors, whose number, term, and qualifications shail be
established by the bylaws of the Corporation. The provisions for
management and regulation of the affairs of the Corporation will be
enumerated in the bylaws of the Corporation,
Amendment 13. The provisions of the Charter may be amended, repealed or modified, but
only by an affirmative vote of greater than eighty percent (80%) of the then
sitting directors; provided, however, that no provisions of this Charter shall
be changed, modified or repealed in such a manner as to be inconsistent
with the objects and purposes for which this Corparation is formed.
Internat
Revenue Code
and Regulations 14. All references in this Charter to the Internal Revenue Code shall
include the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, further
amendments to the sections cited, and corresponding sections of any
future laws, together with all valid regulations thereunder.
Executed IN WITNESS WHEREOP, the undersigned officer has executed this
Second Amended and Restated Charter this [9 day of
Nas indy , 2001.
; SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL
CORPORATION (formerly known as
Technology 2020 Finance Corporation, Inc.)
By:
Don Welt
President
4 "257627. 6 wwe SF
oan sack ih ‘ 2 5 5 ‘ 2 MeYol! E


EEE es Toone ToT, oa
CERTIFICATE REGARDING
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CHARTER
; The undersigned officer of SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL

CORPORATION (formerly known as Technology 2020 Finance Corporation, Inc.) (the >
Corporation") hereby certifies to the Secretary of State of Tennessee as follows:

1. Tam the President of the Corporation,

2, The Corporation does not have members.

3, The foregoing Second Amended and Restated Charter of the Corporation
(the "Restated Charter") (a) restates the Charter of the Corporation; (b) does not contain
amendments requiring approval by the members or any person other than the Board of Directors;
and, (q Was approved and duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation on
ek rn Od , 2001.

4. The Restated Charter does not contain amendments requiring approval by
a person whose approval is required pursuant to Section 48-60-301.

This Certificate is made and filed pursuant to Section 48-60-106(h) of the Tennessee
Nonprofit Corporation Act.

This 177 day of Daas tin. , 2001.

SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITALCORPORATION
: (formerly known as Technology 2020 Finance
Corporation, Inc.)
By:
Don Welt ;
President
2576521 .
“ é * ” 5 : —— ’ aati® . AS = E


: ne Mn ta ‘ - rari c& Ss a ees , ,
P rSTAID ER WORD dace VER oy
Third Amended and Restated pier
of ns nov 1S
_
Southeast Community Gapitak
Corporation
(formerly known as Technology 2020 Finance Corporation, Inc.)

Pursuant to Section 48-60-106 of the Tennessee Nonprofit Corporation Act, Tennessee Code
Annotated, Sections 48-51-101, et seq., SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
(formerly known as Technology 2020 Finance Corporation, Inc.) (the "Corporation") adopts the
following Third Amended and Restated Charter.

The original Charter of the Corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of Tennessee on
orabout December 21, 1999. The Amended and Restated Charter of the Corporation was filed with
the Secretary of State of Tennessee on or about December 8, 2000. The Second Amended and
Restated Charter of the Corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of Tennessee on or about
November 21, 2001. The control number of the Corporation is 0381683.

This Third Amended and Restated Charter contains one or more amendments to the Second
Amended and Restated Charter of the Corporation and was approved by the entire Board of Directors
of the Corporation on September 30,, 2005

This Third Amended and Restated Charter supersedes the original Charter of the Corporation
and all restatements of and amendments thereto,

Name I The name of the Corporation is changed to Southeast Community
Capital Corporation.
Public Benefit 2. This Corporation is a public benefit corporation.
aie
~-- ARCHI


Se OS Ula 4, Ae ie
Corporation 3, The registered office of the Corporation is located at 806 South Sixth
Street, Nashville, Davidson County, Tennessee 37206,
Registered 4. The Corporation’s registered agent at that office is Clinton B, Gwin
Agent
Incorporator 5. The name of the incorporator is James M. McCarten, and his address
is 900 Riverview Tower, 900 S, Gay Street, Knoxville, Tennessee
37902-1810.
Principal
Office 6 The street address and zip code of the principal office of the
Corporation is 806 South Sixth Street, Nashville, Tennessee 37206,
Not for Profit Le The Corporation is not for profit.
Members 8. The Corporation will not have members.
Purpose 9. The purposes for which this Corporation is organized are as follows:
(a) General Description. The Corporation has been organized
and shall be operated primarily as a community-based
financial organization engaged in developing funding
programs designed solely for the purpose of assisting low to
moderate income communities engaged in job creation for
their communities throughout the Southeastem United States,
The Corporation provides access to capital and technical
assistance in these underserved markets of the Southeastern
United States by creating economic opportunities through job
creation for those underserved communities which lack
adequate access to capital and financial services, The
Corporation shall lawfully engage in any and all activities
related to such efforts and necessary to promote the economic
opportunities referred to above.

{h) Nonprofit Exclusively, The Corporation is irrevocably
dedicated to and operated exclusively for nonprofit purposes,
and no part of the income or assets of the Corporation shall be
distributed to or inure to the benefit of any individual.

(c) Organization Purpose. The specific purposes for which the
Corporation is organized is to operate as community-based
financial institution that is of a charitable nature, and provides
charitable, educational, and financial programs. The
Corporation also shall provide technical and financial

2


ag PERN CL eat , il
"SYA OLE

assistance to start-up, early stage and other companies whose
participation in the free enterprise system has been hampered
because of-sqcial and/or economic disadvantages associated
with its formation, organization and/or location in the
Southeastem United States, in order to assist in job creation
for the communities that they work within.

(d) Limitations, Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Charter, the Corporation shall only conduct or carry on
activities permitted to be conducted or carried on by an
organization exempt under Section 501 (c)(3) of the Internal
Revenue Code and its Regulations or by an organization,
contributions to which are deductible under Section 170(c)(2)
of such Code and Regulations, or any successor provisions, so
long as they may be in effect,

(ec) Dissolution. Upon dissolution of the corporation, the assets
of the corporation shall be distributed for one or more exempt
purposes within the meaning of section 501 (c)(3) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, or corresponding section of
any future Federal tax code, or shall be distributed first to
Technology 2020 or its successor and if Technology 2020 or
its successor is deemed to be not eligible, then another
appropriate entity for the purpose of the promotion of regional
economic development specifically access to capital for small
and disadvantaged businesses. Any such assets not so
disposed of shall be disposed of by a court of competent
jurisdiction, in the county in which the principal office of the
corporation is then located, exclusively for such purposes.

(f) No Statutory Authorization, The Corporation is not being
formed for any purpose for which there are other specific
statutory provisions in the State of Tennessee conceming its
formation and is not being organized for a purpose or
purposes which require authorization under the laws or
statutory regulations of the State of Tennessce,

Powers 10. | Asameans of accomplishing the purposes for which it is organized,
the Corporation shall have the rights and powers now or later
conferred upon not for profit Corporations by the laws of the State of
Tennessee, limited in certain respects as follows:

(a) The Corporation shall neither have nor exercise any power,
nor shall it directly or indirectly engage in any activity, that
would (1) prevent it from obtaining exemption from federal
income taxation as a Corporation described in Section

&.
ARCHI


rev Lag ; eats .
"ataltes lis ta}
501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, or (2) cause it to lose
such exemption.

(b) The Corporation shall not be operated for the primary purpose
of carrying on a trade or business for profit unrelated to its
exempt purpose(s),

(c) Except as may be permitted from time to time under Section
501 of the Internal Revenue Code, no substantial part of the
activities of the Corporation shall consist of carrying on
propaganda, or otherwise attempting to influence legislation;
nor shall it in any manner or to any extent participate in, or
intervene in (including the publishing or distribution of
statements), any political campaign on behalfof any candidate
for public office; nor shalt the Corporation engage in any
activities that are unlawful under applicable federal, state, or
local laws,

Personal

Liability It. (a) _~—_ Directors, To the fullest extent allowed by the laws of the
State of Tennessee under Tennessee Code Annotated Section
48-58-601, no present or future director of the Corporation (or
his or her estate, heirs and personal representatives) shall be
liable to the Corporation for monetary damages for breach of
fiduciary duty as a director of the Corporation. However, this
provision shall not limit the liability of a director for conduct
amounting to willful, wanton or gross negligence, It is
intended that these provisions shall provide for a limitation of
personal liability of the directors to the fullest extent
permitted by laws of the State of Tennessee, both as now in
effect and as hereafter adopted or amended.

(b) Officers, To the fullest extent allowed by the laws of the
State of Tennessee under Tennessee Code Annotated Section
48-58-601, no present or future officer of the Corporation (or
his or her estate, heirs and personal representatives) shall be
liable to the Corporation for monetary damages for breach of
fiduciary duty as an officer of the Corporation.

Indemnification 12, (a) ~— Any director or officer shall be entitled to indemnification or
to advancement of expenses incurred by him in connection
with any proceeding to which he is a party because he is or
was a director or an officer of the Corporation, arising out of
his status as a director or officer; provided, however, that no
indemnification may be made to or on behalf of any director
ribs
ARCHI


: "QR resla.s VW .h ta
oP sO St BY

or officer if'a judgment or other final adjudication adverse to

the director or officer establishes his liability:

(1) for any breach of the duty of loyalty to the
Corporation;

(2) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which
involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation
of law; or

(3) for any unlawful distribution under Tennessee Code
Annotated 48-58-304,

(b) It is intended that these provisions provide for
indemnification and advancement of expenses of the directors
and officers to the fullest extent permitted by lav.

Management {3,  Themanagement and regulation of the affairs of the Corporation shall be by
a board of directors, whose number, term, and qualifications shall be
established by the bylaws of the Corporation. The provisions for
Management and regulation of the affairs of the Corporation will be
cnumerated in the bylaws of the Corporation,

Amendment 14. — The provisions of the Charter may be amended, repealed or modified, but
only by an affirmative vote of greater than eighty percent (80%) of the then
sitting directors; provided, however, that no provisions of this Charter shall
be changed, modified or repeated in such a manner as to be inconsistent with
the objects and purposes for which this Corporation is formed.

Internal

Revenue Code

and Regulations 15. All references in this Charter to the Internal Revenue Code shalt

include the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, further

amendments to the sections cited, and corresponding sections of any
future laws, together with all valid regulations thereunder.

Executed IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned officer has executed this Second
Amended and Restated Charter this 30th day of September, 2005.

SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL
CORPORATION (formerly known as
Technology 2020 Finance Corporation, Inc.)
By: lbikn®. ZA
Clinton B, Gwin, President
nse
ARCHI


—
CORPORATION ANNUAL REPORT Please return completed form fo:
TE! EE SEC
Annual Report Fiting Fee Due: Attn: Annual Report
$20, if no changes are made In block #6 to the registered agent/office, or 312 Eighth Avenue N. 6th Floor
.« $40, If any changes are made In block #6 to the registered agenvoffice. William R, Snodgrass Tower
Nashville, TN 37283
(1) SECRETARY OF STATE CONTROL Number: 0381683
(2A.) NAME AND MAILING ADDRESS OF CORPORATION 28.) STATE OR COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION
: TENNESSEE
SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION (2C.) ADD OR CHANGE MAILING ADDRESS: Q
~l
806 SOUTH SIXTH ST 201 Venture circle a iB
NASHVILLE, TN 37206 Nashville, ON 37448 ‘, ©
aT} : any
VoD abavnd cada Mocebbacsaldatelsrobeabstlfaresllaeetll Sart eo) pa hd,
Ten sn 7
cers a
(8) A. PRINCIPAL ADDRESS INCLUDING CITY, STATE, ZIP CODE: ant ee
806 SOUTH SIXTH ST, NASHVILLE, TN 37206 ot Ea ad
“Ths fy
B. CHANGE OF PRINCIPAL ADDRESS: ui coy
STREET . cu . STARE Zr cope+ 4}
201 Venture Circle Nashville 228°
(4} NAME AND BUSINESS ADDRESS, INCLUDING ZIP CODE, OF THE PRESIDENT, SECRETARY AND OTHER PRINCIPAL OFFICERS.
(ATTACH ADDITIONAL SHEET IF NECESSARY.)
ee
| Seray [Holland J Helton 201 Venture Circle| Nashville, TN 37228 |
eel ee eel A
(5) BOARD OF DIRECTORS (NAMES, BUSINESS ADDRESS INCLUDING ZIP CODE.) (ATTACH ADDITIONAL SHEET IF NECESSARY.} |
DD same as asove, C) none, or uisteo BeLow:
re eS
(6) A. NAME OF REGISTERED'AGENT AS APPEARS ON SECRETARY OF STATE RECORDS:
CLINTON ’B. GWIN
B. REGISTERED ADDRESS AS APPEARS ON SECRETARY OF STATE RECORDS:
806 SOUTH SIXTH ST, NASHVILLE, TN 37206
C, INDICATE BELOW ANY CHANGES TO THE REGISTERED AGENT NAME AND/OR REGISTERED OFFICE,
(l.) CHANGE OF REGISTERED AGENT: ES
(ll, CHANGE OF REGISTERED OFFICE {Street Address}: 201 Venture Circle
SS avidson
(city) Nashville {State) TN (Zip Code +4) TN 37228 (County) Davidson
(7) A. THIS BOX APPLIES ONLY TO NONPROFIT CORPORATIONS, OUR RECORDS REFLECT THAT YOUR NONPROFIT CORPORATION IS A PUBLIC
BENEFIT OR A MUTUAL BENEFIT CORPORATION AS INDICATED:
IF BLANK OR INCORRECT, PLEASE CHECK APPROPRIATE 80x: [) pusLic [1] muTuaAL
PUBLIC
B, IF A TENNESSEE RELIGIOUS CORPORATION, PLEASE CHECK BOX IF BLANK © ReEwIGious
4 Ge ES a 0 0/08
nton B win Presiden
sete ** THIS REPORT MUST BE DATED AND SIGNED * *
Vien E Sin
ein big
86-4444 (Rev. 11-05) INSTRUCTIONS: www.state.tn.us/sos/ of 615-741-2286 RDA 1878


STATE weet}
. SE TESHE So)
SOLRAY |
sf Te recess PM 2;
qt Then, . a Nes1]
*e SEC sf ee 4
APPLICATION FOR CTARY of S40
Bevartment of & REGISTRATION OF ATE
; ASSUMED CORPORATE o
Corporate Filings NAME “J
312 Eighth Avenue North 5
6th Floor, William R. Snodgrass Tower
Nashville, TN 37243 3
4
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 48-14-10! (d) of the Tennessee Business Corporation Act or Section 48-54-101(d) of
the Tennessee Nonprofit Corporation Act, the undersigned corporation hereby submits this application:
ee ere Southeast Community Capital Corporation
Sn ee
2. The state or country of incorporation is Tennessee
3. The corporation intends to transact business in Tennessee under an assumed corporate name.
4. The fray Lanaine name the corporation proposes to use is
Pathway Lending
[NOTE: The assumed corporate name must meet the requirements of Section 48-14-101 of the Tennessee Business
Corporation Act or Section 48-54-101 of the Tennessee Nonprofit Corporation Act.]
Mo , 10, ROLO Southeast Community Capital Corporation
Signature! Date Name of Corporation
President CDi B. gy ——!
Signer’s Capacity Signature
Clinton B. Gwin
Name (typed or printed)
S$-4402 (Rev. 4/01) Filing Fee: $20 RDA1720


, ,
es, Tennessee Corporation Annual Report Form AR Filing #: 02889904
PE KN Status:
Lod pcan tems on tus: Complete
13, ap File online at: http:/TNBear.TN.gow/AR
etme This Annual Report has been successfull
S56 i * ly
bbe: Due on/Before; 04/01/2012 Reporting Year: 2011 paid for and submitted. Your Annual Report
Annual Report Filing F : will be reviewed by Business Services and
nual Report Filing Fee Due j filed within 48 hours, Please keep this
$20 if no changes are made in block 3 to the registered agent/office, or report for your "
$40 if any changes are made in block 3 to the registered agent/office :
SOS Control Number: 381683
Corporation Non-Profit - Domestic Date Formed: 12/21/1999 Formation Locale: ROANE COUNTY
(1) Name and Mailing Address: (2) Principal Office Address:
SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION 201 VENTURE CIR
201 VENTURE CIR NASHVILLE, TN 37228-1603
NASHVILLE, TN 37228-1603
3
To .
(3) Registered Agent (RA) and Registered Office (RO) Address: Agent Changed:_No 3
CLINTON 8 GWIN 8
201 VENTURE CIR ="
NASHVILLE, TN 37228-1603 :
(4) Name and business address (with zip code) of the President, Secretary and other principal officers,
Title —Ss(Name SS S——*(Business Address City, State, Zip
(8) Board of Directors names and business address (with zip code). {___ None )
Name —SSSSSSCSCC=*Bsiness Address City, State, Zip
NASHVILLE, TN 37201
Tom Rogers 4 Bethel Valley Road Oak Ridge, TN 37831-6196
Joy Fisher i600 HENLEY STREET KNOXVILLE, TN 37996
Mary Neil Price 424 Church Street Suite 1407 Nashville, TN 37219
Dave Berzov Featheringill Hall, Suite 342, 400 24th Ave. S Nashville, TN 37240
(6) This section applies to non-profit corporations ONLY.
A. Our records reflect that your non-profit corporation is a public benefit or a mutual benefit corporation as indicated.
If blank or incorrect, please check appropriately: _X Public___ Mutual
B. {fa Tennessee religious corporation, please check here if blank: ___ Religious
(7) Signature: Electronic (8) Date: 03/27/2012 11:53 AM
SiTyperrek None: (Barbara: Tare ee
88-4444 RDA 1678


22%. Tennessee Corporation Annual Report Form AR Fang #/0310516%
Gabe a ins P FILED: Mar 12, 2014 4:17PM
ale File online at: http://TNBear.TN.goviAR DLN #: A0221-0270.001
“SRE” = Due on/Before: 04/01/2014 Reporting Year: 2013
= 7 This Annual Report has been successfully
Annual Report Filing Fee Due: paid for and filed. Please keep this report for

$20 if no changes are made in block 3 to the registered agent/office, or your records.

$40 if any changes are made in block 3 to the registered agent/office CC Payment Ref #: 154877008
SOS Control Number: 381683
Corporation Non-Profit - Domestic Date Formed: 12/21/1999 Formation Locale: TENNESSEE
(1) Name and Mailing Address: (2) Principal Office Address:
SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION 201 VENTURE CIR
BARBARA HARRIS NASHVILLE, TN 37228-1603
201 VENTURE CIR
NASHVILLE, TN 37228-1603
(3} Registered Agent (RA) and Registered Office (RO) Address: Agent Changed: Yes
EMILY H BOWMAN Agent County: DAVIDSON COUNTY
ROUNDABOUT PLAZA
STE 700
1600 DIVISION ST
NASHVILLE, TN 37203-2771
(4) Name and business address (with zip code) of the President, Secretary and other principal officers.
Title Name ————S—SCSCs* Bussiness Address City, State, Zip
Nashville, TN 37228
[President ____[CiintonGwin——~—~—=~=«iaT Venture Circle ———_—Nashvile, TN 37226
(5) Board of Directors names and business address (with zip code). ____ None, or listed below,
Name —SSSCCBtsiness Address City, State, Zip
NASHVILLE, TN 37207
Oak Ridge, TN'37831-6196
lJoyFisher —~—~SCSC*S OO HENLE STREET KNOXVILLE, TN 37996
[Dave Benov ——=S~S~S—=*eatheingll Hall, Suite 342, 400 24th Av. 8
(6) This section applies to non-profit corporations ONLY.

A. Our records reflect that your non-profit corporation is a public benefit or a mutual benefit corporation as indicated.

If blank or incorrect, please check appropriately; _X Public __ Mutual

B. Ifa Tennessee religious corporation, please check here if blank: ___ Religious
{7) Signature: Electronic (8) Date: 03/12/2014 4:17 PM
(9) Type/Print Name: Barbara S Haris (10) Tite: CFO
SS-4444 Page 1 of 1 RDA 1678


Ww
a
o
Ss
3 °
For Office Use Only
@ ee @
REGISTRA fo)
Bepartment of State ASSUMED CORPORATE re
Corporate Filings « NAME \
312 Eighth Avenue North iN)
6' Floor, William R. Snodgrass Tower 0
Nashville, TN 37243 S
oO
j rm
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 48-14-101(d) of the Tennessee Business Corporation Act or Section 48-54-1014) of om
the Tennessee Nonprofit Corporation Act, the undersigned corporation hereby submits this application: mn
1, The tre name of the corporniiod ie SOUMeast Community Capital Corporation — a
: 4
ae a, Lh! TTC CTC a
2. The state or country of incorporations "OMMESSCS
©
3. The corporation intends to transact business in Tennessee under an assumed corporate name. BZ
©
4. The assumed corporate name the corporation proposes to use is am
Pathway Women's Business Center o
a a nn g
[NOTE: The assumed corporate name must meet the requirements of Section 48-14-101 of the Tennessee Business
Corporation Act or Section 48-54-101 of the Tennessee Nonprofit Corporation Act.] . o
rs)
; s]
1-2t-19 Southeast Community Capital Corporation f
Signature Date Name of Corporation fy
. ©
President ( brat 14 ‘gL 44 wa
Signer’s Capacity Signature ‘ a
: 4
7 . ©
Clint Gwin M
a ey”
Name (typed or printed) f
fe)
Fh
wa
ct
. B
©
|
®
88-4402 (Rev. 4/01
¢ ) Filing Fee: $20 RoAI720 | ox
: &Q
D
+
ot
ARCHIVE


w
oO
i
s&s. Tennessee Corporation Annual Report Form peernea, MORONS or
fy eos BSc FILED: Mar 19, 2015 12:08PM (py
ae File online at: http://TNBear.TN.goviAR 3)
Snes” =~ Due on/Before: 04/01/2015 Reporting Year: 2014 S
- This Annual Report has been successfully 4
Reseda Report Pang Fee Pus: paid for and filed. Please keep this report for
$20 if no changes are made in block 3 to the registered agent/office, or your records. head
$40 if any changes are made in block 3 to the registered agenvoffice CC Payment Ref #: 161324157 N
NN
i
SOS Contro! Number: 381683 or
Nonprofit Corporation - Domestic Date Formed: 12/21/1999 Formation Locale: TENNESSEE -
itt eee ae
i)
(1) Name and Malling Address: (2) Principal Office Address: i 2
SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION BARBARA HARRIS pa
BARBARA HARRIS 201 VENTURE CIR =
201 VENTURE CIR NASHVILLE, TN 37228-1603 z
NASHVILLE, TN 37228-1603 Po
uitthbhn i
oO
(3) Registered Agent (RA) and Registered Office (RO) Address: Agent Changed: No fe)
EMILY H BOWMAN Agent County: DAVIDSON COUNTY 2.
ROUNDABOUT PLAZA <¢
STE 700 g
1600 DIVISION ST o
NASHVILLE, TN 37203-2771 he
aaditasbage re RR olen ll
(4) Name and business address (with zip code) of the President, Secretary and other principal officers. o
Title —SSSs[Name = [Business Address City, State, Zip 3
loro [Barbara SHaris [201 Venture Circle ——_=(Nashvile, TN'9 7228 a
[Senior Vice President _[AmyHBunton [201 Venture Cirle ‘Nashville, TN 97228 a
Nashville, TN 37228 ®
[Secretary [Hank Helton [201 Venture Cele (Nashville, TN 37228 ®
(5) Board of Directors names and business address (with zip code). __ None, or listed below. e
Business Address City, State, Zip Qa
Cindy Herron 26 CENTURY BLVD, SUITE 100, MAILSTOP OCP |NASHVILLE, TN 37214 a
imCarer_|?120Sherwood Drive Knoxville, TN 37010 cr
[SamHoward—~—~SCS~S~S~S*S*SROB MARYLAND WAY SUITEZ07 ——_—_—_—_‘[BRENTWOOD, TN 37027 5
160 THIRD.AVENUE SOUTH, STE 900 NASHVILLE, TN 37201 ‘
HomRogers ——~—~S*S*~*~*~*S*«~ Bol Valey Rad «aK Riga, TN 97897-6196 °
oy Fisher —~=~*~“*“‘*‘“*OTO SHEERWATER ROAD (KINGSTON, TNST7ER rh
Mary Nel Pico AO1SHILLSBORO ROAD, SUITE 222 __——_=[NASHVILLE, TN 37215 a
FEATHERINGILL HALL, SUITE 342, 400 24TH =| NASHVILLE, TN 37240 ¢
pa
(6) This section applies to non-profit corporations ONLY. oO
A. Our records reflect that your non-profit corporation is a public benefit or a mutual benefit corporation as indicated. 4
{f blank or incorrect, please check appropriately: _X Public____ Mutual n
B. Ifa Tennessee religious corporation, please check here if blank: ___Religious
ee)
(7) Signature: Electronic (8) Date: 03/19/2015 fe
(7) Signature: Electromic
(9) Type/Print Name: Barbara S Hartis (10) Title: CFO 0
ees c_—__c_C——v’T—T[V——'—“'’vVwe—
$8-4444 Page 1 of 1 RDA 1678


Ww
RECEIVED MAR 0 4 2015 4
Fe Set So STATE OF TENNESSEE :
iS: PS SOK Tre Hargett, Secretary of State %
H aaa pURE ji alt Division of Business Services oO
We see fo! William R. Snodgrass Tower -
Wns 312 Rosa L. Parks AVE, 6th FL 2
aoe 7965 Nashville, TN 37243-1102 X
eoace? o
ee
SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION March 1, 2015 Ny
BARBARA HARRIS NO
201 VENTURE CIR =
NASHVILLE, TN 37228-1603 ol
Control # 381683 Hn
RE: EXPIRATION OF REGISTRATION OF ASSUMED CORPORATE NAME La
Pursuant to the provisions of Section §48-14-101(d)(3) of the Tennessee Business
Corporation Act or Section §48-54-101(d)(3) of the Tennessee Nonprofit Corporation Act, it &
has been determined that the registration of the assumed corporate name will expire on “S
05/11/2015. f
You may renew the assumed name by completing this application for renewal of assumed i
corporate name within two (2) months preceeding the expiration and paying the $20 renewal <
filing fee. Mail the completed application to the address above with your check, 4
Failure to file the required document within the two (2) months preceeding the expiration of the Ms
registration of the assumed corporate name will result in expiration of the assumed name.
i ee 4
APPLICATION FOR RENEWAL OF REGISTRATION OF g
ASSUMED CORPORATE NAME 5
Pursuant to the provisions of Section §48-14-101(d)(4) of the Tennessee Business D
Corporation Act or Section §48-54-101(d)(4) of the Tennessee Nonprofit Corporation Act, the s
undersigned corporation hereby submits this application for renewal: ry
1. The corporation intends to continue to transact business in Tennessee under an assumed tS
corporate name. Q
2. The assumed name is Pathway Lending with an expiration date of 05/11/2015. +
3. The assumed corporate name meets the requirements of Section §48-14-101 of the E
Tennessee Business Corporation Act or Section §48-54-101 of the Tennessee Nonprofit 6
Corporation Act. Hh
n
SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION ct
Co tion Name : »
a btu Hui hiaie ®
ignature Signature Date 4
Badaara, ures ON Fawamiel Athy pan 4
Name (typed or printed) : Signer’s Capacity ©
F
Phone (615) 741-2286 * Fax (615) 741-7310 * Website: http://tnbear.tn.gov/ ry
SS-4481 RDA 1678 ty


w
; . a
r
Q
FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CHARTER :
OF
SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION N
IN
~
Pursuant to Section 48-60-106 of the Tennessee Nonprofit Corporation Act, as amended from N
time to titne (the “Act”), Southeast Community Capital Corporation adopts the following Fourth S
Amended and Restated Charter. =
The original Chaiter of the Corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of Tennessee on B
; or about December 21, 1999. The Amended and Restated Charter of the Corporation was filed with =
the Secretary of State of Tennessee on or about December 8, 2000. The Second Amended and N
Restated Charter of thé Corporation was-filed with the Secretary of State of Tennessee on or about ba
November 21, 2001. The Third Amended and-Restated Charter of the Corporation was filed with the , z
: Secretary of State of Tennessee on or about November 15, 2005. The control number of the
Corporation. is 0381683. . a
This Foutth Amended and Restated Charter contains one or more amendments to the Third 4
Amended and Restated Charter of the Corporation ad was-approved by the entire Board of Directors 3
of the Corporation on September 10, 2015, o
a
This Fourth Amended and Restated Chartér supersedes the original Charter of the o
: Cotporatiori and all restatements of and amendments thereto. ; q
ARTICLE I: NAME AND FILING Fy
5
The name of the nonprofit corporation is Southeast Community Capital Corporation (the 4
“Corporation”), The Charter is being filed pursuant to the Act. a
ARTICLE il; NOT-FOR-PROFIT PUBLIC BENEFIT CORPORATION 4
: The Corporation is a nonprofit public benefit corporation. It is intended that the Corporation :
shall have the status of a corporation that is exempt from federal income taxation under Section Q
501 (a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any corresponding provisions of any ‘|
future federal tax laws (hereinafter referred to as the “Code”), as an organization described in Section ct
501(c)(3) of the Code. It also is intended that the Corporation shall not be a private foundation by p
reason of being described in Section 509(a)(1) of the Code. “
ARTICLE I: OFFICE, REGISTERED AGENT AND INCORPORATOR a
The principal office of the Corporation is located at 201 Venture Circle, Nashville, Davidson bs
County, Tennessee 37228. 2
The registered office of the Corporation is located at 1600 Division Street, Suite 700, a
Nashville, Davidson County, Tennessee 37203, and the name of the registered agent at this address is h q
Emily H. Bowman. ®
i:
36472832 cal &
>
tf
oa


w
1
The incorporator of the Corporation is James M. MeCarten, whose mailing address is 900
Riverview Tower, 900 S. Gay Street, Knoxville, Tennessee 37902-1810.
ARTICLE IV: MEMBERS
The Corporation will riot have members.
ARTICLE V: PURPOSE in
The Corporation is organized exclusively for religious, charitable, scientific, literary and a
; educational purposes within the meaning of Section 501(c)(3) of the Code. Specifically, the =
Corporation is a community based financial organization focused on job creation through the ae
development of funding programs designed to assist low to moderate. income communities and
entrepreneurs throughout the United States. g
The Corporation is organized to engage in any activity, and to exercise any and all powers, sy
rights and privileges afforded a nonprofit corporation under the Act. Notwithstanding any other 0
provision of this Charter, the Corporation shall not carry on any activities not permitted to be carried 0
on by a corporation organized as 4 nonprofit corporation under the laws of the State of Tennessee ke
pursuant to the Act which is exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(c)(3) of the Code, 4
contributions to which are deductible under Sections 170(c)(2), 2055(a) or 2522(a) of the Code.
v
ARTICLE VI: BOARD OF DIRECTORS a
4
The affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by a Board of Ditectors, whose members, g
designated as directors, shall act as the directors of the Corporation, and by such officers, ag shail be 3
described in the Bylaws of the Corporation, Directors shall be appointed as provided in the Bylaws 4
of the Corporation, which shall further provide the number, term and qualification. of directors. u
Pursuant to Section 4857-104, any action to be taken at a meeting of the Board of Directors may be °
taken without a meeting and without prior notice if consents in writing setting forth the action so
taken are signed by directors having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be _
required to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all directors éntitled to vote on the a
action were present and voted, Unless otherwise set forth in a resolution of the Board of Directors, 4
actions taken by written consent shall be effective when written consents signed by sufficient we
directors fo take the action are delivered to the Corporation. 4
ARTICLE VI: LIMITED PERSONAL LIABILITY OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS °
A L Directors. No person who is or was a director of the Corporation, nor such person’s heirs, in
executors, administrators, or legal representatives (collectively referred to as a “director”), shall be ; "i
 s personally liable to the Corporation for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. mM
However, this provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director (a) for any breach of a f e
director’s duty of loyalty to the Corporation, (b) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which d
involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, or (c) under Section 48-58-302 of the 4
Act. : a
W36A7283.2 -2- | 4
ct
ea


w
2
8
| i
oy)
(t)
=)
2. Officers. ‘To the fullest extent allowed by Section 48-58-601 of the Act, no person who is or =
was an officer of the Corporation, nor such person’s heirs, executors, administrators, or legal td
representatives (collectively referred to as an “officer”) shall be personally liable to the Corporation SS
for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as an officer of the Corporation. y
3s No Adverse Effect. No repeal or modification of the provisions of this Article, either directly , 3
or by the adoption of provisions inconsistent with the provisions of this Article, shall adversely affect bar
any right or protection, as set forth herein, existing in favor ofa particular individual at the time of ul
such repeal or modification. =
: ; -
ARTICLE VOI: INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCEMENT OF EXPENSES Re
4. Mandatory Indemnification of Directors and Officers, To the maximum extent peithitted by “
the provisions of Sections 48-58-501, et seg., of the Act, as amended from time to time (provided, bi B
however, that if an amendnient to the Act in any way limits or restricts the indemnification rights
permitted by law as of the date hereof, such amendment shall apply only-to the extent mandated by 2
Jaw and only to activities of persons subject to indemnification under this paragraph 1 which occur a
subsequent to the effective date of such amendment), the Corporation shall indernnify and advance af
expenses to any person who is or was a “director” (as defined in Section 45-58-501 (2) to include an <
individual who is or was a director of the Corporation, is or was a member of a committee of the +4
Board of Directors of the Corporation, or an individual, who, whilé a director of the Corporation or
an individual serving on a committee of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, is or was serving dl
at the Corporation’s request as:a director, member of a. committee of the Board of Directors, officer,
partner, trustee, employee, or agent of another foreign or domeéstic for-profit or nonprofit F
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan, or other enterprise) or officer of 3
the Corporation or to such person’s heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives, 4
; (hereinafter, a “Directox”) for the defense of any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, or a
proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative, and whether formal or informal 4
(any such action, suif, or proceeding being hereinafter referred to as the “Proceeding”), to which such ©
petson was, is, or is threatened to be made,a named defendant or respondent, which indemnification n
and advancement of expenses shall include counsel fees actually incurred as a result of the .
Proceeding or avy appeal thereof, reasonable expenses actually incurred with respect to the g
Proceeding, all fines, judgments, penalties and amoutits paid in settlement thereof, subject to the o
following conditions: B
(a) The Proceeding was instituted by reason. of the fact that such person is or was a x
Director or officer of the Corporation; and °
th
(b) The Director or officer conducted himself or herself in good faith, and he or she an
reasonably believed (i) in the case of conduct in his or her official capacity with the Corporation, that Oy
his or her conduct was in its best interest; (ji) in all other cases, that his or her conduict was at least i p
not opposed to the best interest of the Corporation; and Gi) in the case of any criminal proceeding, 0
that he or she had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. The termination 4
of a proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its on a)
equivalent is not, of itself, determinative that the Director or officer did not meet the standard of .
conduct herein described. T
5
73647283,2 ln &
o
ct
ARCHIVE


: w
1
2. Non-Exclusive Application. The right to indemnification and advancement of expenses set
forth in paragraph 1 is contractual between the Corporation.and the Director, and is not exclusive of
other similar rights of indemnification or advancement of expenses to which such person may be.
entitled, whether by law, by this Charter, by a resolution of the Board of Directors, by the Bylaws of
the Corporation, by the purchase and maintenance by thé. Corporation of insurance on behalf of a
"director, officer, employee, or agent of the Corporation, or by an agreement with the Corporation
providing for such indemnification, all of which means af indemnification and advancement of 2
expenses are hereby specifically authorized. nt
3. Non-Limiting Application. The provisions of this Article VIII shall not limit the power of the fa
Corporation to pay or reimburse expenses incutred by a Director or officer in. connection with such Fe
person’s appearing as a witness in a Proceeding at a time when he or she has not been made a named ta
defendant or respondent to the Proceeding. b
, 4, Prohibited Indemnification. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article VIL, the
Cotpoyation shall not indemnify or advance expenses to or on behalf of any director, officer, a
employee, or agent of the Corporation, or any such person’s heirs, executors, administrators, or legal Q
tepresentatives: nd
<
(a) Jn connection with a Proceeding by or in the right of the Corporation in which such 4
person was adjudged liable to the Corporation; or .
(b) — Inconnection with any other Proceeding charging improper personal benefit to such “
person, whether or not involving action in his or her official capacity, in which he or she was cr |
adjudged liable on. the basis that personal benefit was iniptoperly received by him or her; or 3
(c) — Ifajudgment or other final adjudication adverse to such person establishes his or her He
liability for any breach of the duty of loyalty to the Corporation; or . u
©
(@) ‘Ifa judgment or other final adjudication adverse to such person establishes acts or .
omission not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct; or 2
(©) Ifa judgment or other final adjudication adverse to such person establishes a violation 4
of Section 48-58-302 of the Act. 2
]
5. Repeal or Modification Not Retroactive. No repéal or modification of the provisions of this 2
Article VIH, cither directly or by the adoption of a provision inconsistent with the provisions of this
Article, shall adversely affect any right or protection, as set forth herein, existing in favor of a 9
particular individual at the time of such repeal or modification. my
“a
ARTICLE IX: NO PRIVATE INUREMENT f M4
ct
_ No part of the net eamings of the Corporation shall inure to the benefit of, or be distributable , ©
to, its directors, officers, or other private persons. However, the Corporation shall be authorized and Fay
empowered to pay reasonable compensation for setvices rendered to it or on its behalf, pay mr
reimbursements for expenses incurred on its behalf, and make payments and distributions in ®
furtherance of the purposes set forth in Article V hereof. 5
TREATIRS.2. M45 | rr
; ®
i;
i
{


1
ARTICLE X: DISTRIBUTIONS ON DISSOLUTION
Upon the dissolution of the Corporation, after paying or making provision for the payment of
all liabilities of the Corporation then outstanding and unpaid, the Board of Directors shall distribute
; the assets of the Corporation. exclusively for the charitable, scientific, literary and educational
purposes of the Corporation within the meaning of Section 501(c)(3) of the Code, in such manner as
. thé Board of Directors shall determine. Any assets not so distributed shall be distributed to one or ved
more governmental units then described under Section 170(¢)(1) of the Code, or to one or more in
oiganizations then desctibed under Section 501(¢)(3) of the Code and Section 170(c)(2) of the Code, -
as the Board of Directors shall determine, Any assets not so disposed of by the Board of Directors ts
shall be disposed of by a court having equity jurisdiction in the county in which the principal office Re
of the Corporation is then located, with the distribution of assets to be made for such charitable ts
purposes, or to such governmental units then described under Section 170(c)(1) of the Code, orto
such organization or organizations then described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Code and Section
170(c)(2) of the Code, as stich court shall determine, 9
Q
_» + This Charter shalt be effective upon. the filing with the Secretary of State of the State of 0
Tennessée. o
. * aa
; <
oO
[Signature page follows] p,
v
: . «
a
1)
3
fa]
0
u%
u
td
.
ws ‘i
o
Qa
F 4
| B
: “
9
a]
a
ct
<4
" o
ba |
4
©
F
TB6AT283.2 -5- :&
: ®
¢
: ot
|


w
1
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned officer has executed this Fourth Amended and
Restated Charter this 10" day of September 2015.
SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL
CORPORATION
\ ‘
By: COB : Shui
. Clinton B. Gwin, President a
iW
' a
m @
Q
o
<
®
a
. ty
i
car |
a
bs]
i=]
0
4a
: au
id
RQ
.
Q
4
®
| : j
~
9
th
i?)
. a
R
. 0
4
9
2 o
i:
73647283,2. ~6- &
@
et
ct
; 1
ARCHIVE


dsys EA BX Division of Business Services
ei a\,
ao me Department of State
BGA AS]e
Qasr State of Tennessee
ME 312 Rosa L. Parks AVE, 6th FL
Riapeeerse Nashville, TN 37243-1102
Tre Hargett
Secretary of State

Southeast Community Capital Corporation April 23, 2024

RICHARD BIRD

201 VENTURE CIR

NASHVILLE, TN 37228-1603

Filing Acknowledgment

Please review the filing information below and notify our office immediately of any discrepancies.

Control # : 381683 Status: Active

Filing Type: Nonprofit Corporation - Domestic

— ss DgumentReceipt =

Receipt #: 008955826 Filing Fee: $20.00

Payment-Check/MO - BRADLEY ARANT BOULT CUMMINGS LLP, BIRMINGHAM, AL $20.00

Amendment Type: Amended and Restated Formation Documents Image # : B1460-9847

Filed Date: 04/23/2024 2:50 PM

This will acknowledge the filing of the attached amended and restated formation document with an

effective date as indicated above. When corresponding with this office or submitting documents for

filing, please refer to the control number given above.

1 ; Tre Hargett ;

Processed By: Stephanie Booker Secretary of State

Field Name Changed From Changed To

Principal Address 1 201 VENTURE CIR 201 VENTURE CIRCLE

Principal Address 3 RICHARD BIRD No value

Principal Postal Code 37228-1603 37228

Registered Agent # 0526720 1150509

Registered Agent Middle Name H H.

Registered Agent Physical 1600 DIVISION ST 1600 DIVISION STREET

Address 1

Registered Agent Physical STE 700 SUITE 700

Address 2

Registered Agent Physical ROUNDABOUT PLAZA No Value

Address 3

Registered Agent Physical 37203-2771 37203

Postal Code

Phone (615) 741-2286 * Fax (615) 741-7310 * Website: http://tnbear.tn.gov/


; , to
nes
fa
wi
or

: 1
FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CHARTER Fi i. E ry bs
OF ie
SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION _
(3
Bn
Pursuant to Section 48-60-106 of the Tennessee Nonprofit Corporation Act, as amended NS
from time to time (the "Act"), Southeast Community Capital Corporation adopts the following ta

Fifth Amended and Restated Charter. Se

fa
The original Charter of the Corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of Tennessee ie

on or about December 21, 1999. The Amended and Restated Charter of the Corporation was filed .

with the Secretary of State of Tennessee on or about December 8, 2000. The Second Amended bit

and Restated Charter of the Corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of Tennessee on or =
about November 21, 2001. The Third Amended and Restated Charter of the Corporation was filed

with the Secretary of State of Tennessee on or about November 15, 2005. The Fourth Amended Ky

and Restated Charter of the Corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of Tennessee on or .

about September 24, 2015. The control number of the Corporation is 0381683. 4

0

This Fifth Amended and Restated Charter contains one or more amendments to the Third z
Amended and Restated Charter of the Corporation and was approved by the entire Board of %
Directors of the Corporation on December 13, 2023. t
This Fifth Amended and Restated Charter supersedes the original Charter of the g
Corporation and all restatements of and amendments thereto. i
i

ARTICLE I: NAME AND FILING q

m

The name of the nonprofit corporation is Southeast Community Capital Corporation (the n
"Corporation"). The Charter is being filed pursuant to the Act. a
)

ARTICLE II: NOT-FOR-PROFIT PUBLIC BENEFIT CORPORATION tn

i

The Corporation is a nonprofit public benefit corporation. It is intended that the 5
Corporation shall have the status of a corporation that is exempt from federal income taxation i
under Section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any corresponding
provisions of any future federal tax laws (hereinafter referred to as the "Code"), as an organization ie
described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Code. It also is intended that the Corporation shall not be a ‘
private foundation by reason of being described in Section 509(a)(1) of the Code.
ARTICLE III: OFFICE, REGISTERED AGENT AND INCORPORATOR i

1)

The principal office of the Corporation is located at 201 Venture Circle, Nashville, 4

Davidson County, Tennessee 37228.

a

The registered office of the Corporation is located at 1600 Division Street, Suite 700, o
Nashville, Davidson County, Tennessee 37203, and the name of the registered agent at this address =
is Emily H. Bowman. v
F

&

o
; ee
-l- ce

ARCHIVE


: : id
re
fe
a
ri

The incorporator of the Corporation is James M. McCarten, whose mailing address is 900 op
Riverview Tower, 900 S. Gay Street, Knoxville, Tennessee 37902-1810. a
ARTICLE IV: MEMBERS es

The Corporation will not have members. 3
ARTICLE V: PURPOSE rs

uJ

The Corporation is organized exclusively for religious, charitable, scientific, literary and pe
educational purposes within the meaning of Section 501(c)(3) of the Code. Specifically, the kb

Corporation is a community based financial organization focused on providing capital solutions “

and education services that result in job creation, sustainable communities, and the development a4

and preservation of affordable housing, and through loans to or investment in low to moderate ag
income entrepreneurs or economically disadvantaged small businesses, communities, property oe
owners and developers throughout the United States. og
@

The Corporation is organized to engage in any activity, and to exercise any and all powers, a

rights and privileges afforded a nonprofit corporation under the Act. Notwithstanding any other jes
provision of this Charter, the Corporation shall not carry on any activities not permitted to be :
carried on by a corporation organized as a nonprofit corporation under the laws of the State of fhe

Tennessee pursuant to the Act which is exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(c)(3) o

of the Code, contributions to which are deductible under Sections 170(c)(2), 2055(a) or 2522(a) of "

the Code. J

ARTICLE VI: BOARD OF DIRECTORS 8

o

The affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by a Board of Directors, whose members, .
designated as directors, shall act as the directors of the Corporation, and by such officers, as shall ®

be described in the Bylaws of the Corporation. Directors shall be appointed as provided in the Li

Bylaws of the Corporation, which shall further provide the number, term and qualification of 2

directors. Pursuant to Section 48-57-104, any action to be taken at a meeting of the Board of o

Directors may be taken without a meeting and without prior notice if consents in writing setting .

forth the action so taken are signed by directors having not less than the minimum number of votes ct

that would be required to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all directors entitled §
to vote on the action were present and voted. Unless otherwise set forth in a resolution of the ‘

Board of Directors, actions taken by written consent shall be effective when written consents oO

signed by sufficient directors to take the action are delivered to the Corporation. a
wy

ARTICLE VII: LIMITED PERSONAL LIABILITY OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS 4
ot

1: Directors. No person who is or was a director of the Corporation, nor such person's heirs, o

executors, administrators, or legal representatives (collectively referred to as a "director"), shall be “4

personally liable to the Corporation for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a 5

director. However, this provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director (a) for any

breach of a director's duty of loyalty to the Corporation, (b) for acts or omissions not in good faith .

or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, or (c) under Section 48- r

58-302 of the Act. °
ca

-2- ot
ARCHIVE


p . td
ned
fs
7
&

!

2s Officers, To the fullest extent allowed by Section 48-58-601 of the Act, no person who is oO

or was an officer of the Corporation, nor such person's heirs, executors, administrators, or legal kes

representatives (collectively referred to as an "“officer") shall be personally liable to the =

Corporation for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as an officer of the Corporation. =

35 No Adverse Effect. No repeal or modification of the provisions of this Article, either Ni

directly or by the adoption of provisions inconsistent with the provisions of this Article, shall Y

adversely affect any right or protection, as set forth herein, existing in favor of a particular pick

individual at the time of such repeal or modification. ney
Bs
ARTICLE VIII: INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCEMENT OF EXPENSES mI

1. Mandatory Indemnification of Directors and Officers. To the maximum extent permitted a

by the provisions of Sections 48-58-501, et seq., of the Act, as amended from time to time y

(provided, however, that if an amendment to the Act in any way limits or restricts the =

indemnification rights permitted by law as of the date hereof, such amendment shall apply only to a

RR : : : a
the extent mandated by law and only to activities of persons subject to indemnification under this @

paragraph 1 which occur subsequent to the effective date of such amendment), the Corporation a

shall indemnify and advance expenses to any person who is or was a "director" (as defined in fs

Section 45-58-501(2) to include an individual who is or was a director of the Corporation, is or ‘

was a member of a committee of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, or an individual, who, fu

while a director of the Corporation or an individual serving on a committee of the Board of o

Directors of the Corporation, is or was serving at the Corporation's request as a director, member ‘i

of a committee of the Board of Directors, officer, partner, trustee, employee, or agent of another J

foreign or domestic for-profit or nonprofit corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee g

benefit plan, or other enterprise) or officer of the Corporation or to such person's heirs, executors, i3

administrators and legal representatives, (hereinafter, a "Director") for the defense of any M4
threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, :
administrative, or investigative, and whether formal or informal (any such action, suit, or @

proceeding being hereinafter referred to as the "Proceeding"), to which such person was, is, or is n

threatened to be made, a named defendant or respondent, which indemnification and advancement 0)

of expenses shall include counsel fees actually incurred as a result of the Proceeding or any appeal Ls

thereof, reasonable expenses actually incurred with respect to the Proceeding, all fines, judgments, @

penalties and amounts paid in settlement thereof, subject to the following conditions: a
Lay

(a) | The Proceeding was instituted by reason of the fact that such person is or was a ‘“

Director or officer of the Corporation; and i

(b) — The Director or officer conducted himself or herself in good faith, and he or she v

reasonably believed (i) in the case of conduct in his or her official capacity with the Corporation, ii

that his or her conduct was in its best interest; (ii) in all other cases, that his or her conduct was at Hy

least not opposed to the best interest of the Corporation; and (iii) in the case of any criminal

proceeding, that he or she had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. a

The termination of a proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo

contendere or its equivalent is not, of itself, determinative that the Director or officer did not meet a

the standard of conduct herein described. F
Mth
@
vt

23's te
ARCHIVE


. ty
; nee
fa
m
sa
1
2. Non-Exclusive Application. The right to indemnification and advancement of expenses *
set forth in paragraph 1 is contractual between the Corporation and the Director, and is not a)
exclusive of other similar rights of indemnification or advancement of expenses to which such °
person may be entitled, whether by law, by this Charter, by a resolution of the Board of Directors, bs
by the Bylaws of the Corporation, by the purchase and maintenance by the Corporation of \
insurance on behalf of a director, officer, employee, or agent of the Corporation, or by an ri
agreement with the Corporation providing for such indemnification, all of which means of \
indemnification and advancement of expenses are hereby specifically authorized. ps
i]
3% Non-Limiting Application. The provisions of this Article VIII shall not limit the power of si
the Corporation to pay or reimburse expenses incurred by a Director or officer in connection with Nw
such person's appearing as a witness in a Proceeding at a time when he or she has not been made in
a named defendant or respondent to the Proceeding. I
y
4. Prohibited Indemnification. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article VIII, the &
Corporation shall not indemnify or advance expenses to or on behalf of any director, officer, ay
employee, or agent of the Corporation, or any such person's heirs, executors, administrators, or .
legal representatives: tD)
led
(a)  Inconnection with a Proceeding by or in the right of the Corporation in which such é
person was adjudged liable to the Corporation; or fu
wv
(b) —_ Inconnection with any other Proceeding charging improper personal benefit to such “
person, whether or not involving action in his or her official capacity, in which he or she was vj]
adjudged liable on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received by him or her; or c
Sg
(c) If a judgment or other final adjudication adverse to such person establishes his or at
her liability for any breach of the duty of loyalty to the Corporation; or 3
(d) If a judgment or other final adjudication adverse to such person establishes acts or °
omission not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct; or :
(ik
(e) If a judgment or other final adjudication adverse to such person establishes a ;
violation of Section 48-58-302 of the Act. 4
5s Repeal or Modification Not Retroactive. No repeal or modification of the provisions of re
this Article VIII, either directly or by the adoption of a provision inconsistent with the provisions 0
of this Article, shall adversely affect any right or protection, as set forth herein, existing in favor he
of a particular individual at the time of such repeal or modification. n
Se
ARTICLE IX: NO PRIVATE INUREMENT i
@
No part of the net earnings of the Corporation shall inure to the benefit of, or be a
distributable to, its directors, officers, or other private persons. However, the Corporation shall be uF
authorized and empowered to pay reasonable compensation for services rendered to it or on its
behalf, pay reimbursements for expenses incurred on its behalf, and make payments and a3
distributions in furtherance of the purposes set forth in Article V hereof.
«
ais ct


, . tu
ned
Se
oi
S

fl
ARTICLE X: DISTRIBUTIONS ON DISSOLUTION oO
in
Upon the dissolution of the Corporation, after paying or making provision for the payment ms
of all liabilities of the Corporation then outstanding and unpaid, the Board of Directors shall fa
distribute the assets of the Corporation exclusively for the charitable, scientific, literary and x
educational purposes of the Corporation within the meaning of Section 501(c)(3) of the Code, in i
such manner as the Board of Directors shall determine. Any assets not so distributed shall be 8
distributed to one or more governmental units then described under Section 170(c)(1) of the Code, S
or to one or more organizations then described under Section 501(c)(3) of the Code and Section ra
170(c)(2) of the Code, as the Board of Directors shall determine. Any assets not so disposed of ms
by the Board of Directors shall be disposed of by a court having equity jurisdiction in the county no
in which the principal office of the Corporation is then located, with the distribution of assets to _
be made for such charitable purposes, or to such governmental units then described under Section iy
170(c)(1) of the Code, or to such organization or organizations then described in Section 501(c)(3) gy
of the Code and Section 170(c)(2) of the Code, as such court shall determine. sy
vw

This Charter shall be effective upon the filing with the Secretary of State of the State of 4
Tennessee. 0
bs

0

[Signature page follows] fi

y

ne

bar |

0}

ie

3

0

%

Xv

1)

@

a

}

; 1)

4

i

ee

»

%

«

0

Hi

~

ve

yy

ct

1)

bar |

ry

®

BH

A

uh

®

ya

5 ee

ARCHIVE


‘ ty
i
50 |
!
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned officer has executed this Fifth Amended and %
Restated Charter this_/“/" day of April, 2024. ar
id
SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL is
CORPORATION ¥
hs
} / . ne (3
Clinton B. Gwin, President by
én
sy
Ku
w
Q
fp
Bs
6
the
iy"
<
“yf
He |
+
&
uy
an
i)
fo
”
i}
t
ry
@
i}
iF
Oo
Mi
”
ii
99
ct
o
|
@
G
}
th
w
6. Ps
ARCHIVE


ARCHIVE


AUG

, 23 aug
Internal Revenue Service Department of the Treasury
Director, Exempt Organizations P.O. Box 2508"
Rulings and Agreements Cincinnati, Ohio 45201
Date: AUG 1 8 2006

Person to Contact:
Mrs. M. Taylor, ID# 52-449
SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL Contact Telephone Numbers:
CORPORATION 877-829-5500 Toll-Free
806 SOUTH SIXTH STREET
NASHVILLE, TN 37206-3812 Employer Identification Number:
62-1823596

Dear Sir or Madam:
This modifies our letter dated January 28, 2002. In that letter we
determined that your organization is exempt under section 501(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code, as an organization described in section 501(c) (3).
We determined that you were not a private foundation within the meaning of
section 509(a) of the Code because you were an organization described in
section 509(a) (3) of the Code.
In your revised application dated April 6, 2006, you requested .
classification as an organization described in sections 509(a) (1) and
170 (b) (1) (A) (vi) of the Code. Based on the information you provided, we

: have determined that you meet the requirements for the requested foundation
Glassification. Accordingly, we have granted your request and:modified -
your foundation status to reflect an organization described in sections
509(a) (1) and 170 (b) (1) (A) (vi).

Your exempt status under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, as an
organization described in section 501(c) (3) remains in effect.

. Grantors and contributors may rely on this determination until the Internal
Revenue Service publishes notice to the contrary. However, if you lose your
section 509(a).(1) status,:a grantor or contributor may not rely on this
determination if he or she was in part responsible for, or was aware of, the
act or failure to act that resulted in your loss of such status, or acquired
knowledge that the Internal Revenue Service had given notice that you would
be removed from classification as a section 509(a) (1) organization.

Because this letter could help resolve any questions about your exempt
status and/or foundation status, you should keep it with your permanent
records. .
If you have any questions, please contact the person whose name and
telephone number. are shown in the heading of this letter.
ARCHIVE


Page 2
Name: Southeast Community Capital
FIN: 62-1823596
A refund of the user fee will be issued under separate cover.
Sincerely, - bani :
* eo a ° a
f SOS Ly 9 es ’ .
i ° “i or vena Soren eee 4%
Lois G. Lerner
Director, Exempt Organizations
, : Rulings and Agreements


Mission Statement
The mission of Pathway Lending is to provide lending solutions and educational
services that support the development, growth, and preservation of underserved small
businesses, affordable housing, and sustainable communities.
ARCHIVE


ARCHIVE


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION
AND
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORTS
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION
AND
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORTS
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
TABLE OF CONTENTS
PAGE

BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT.........ccsesssessssessesseesseesseenvecsnesnsecneeene i
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT -ssssssssssccssissannsassiesssesissnccsssssvenscsatestenissnevsetepeciammennnae 1-3
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position...........ssessesssssssssesssssesssssesssssssssnsssesessnsenssscsneensesneeeeeaeenes 4
Consolidated Statement of Activities - 2023 ....ciisssssiessssescsinssvsavessosesnsszsncencsusivessatsoucisstsitssestasassvecetacsases 5
Consolidated Statement of Activities - 2022 .......s..ssssssssssessessssessssssesssnssssssesessssnssssnenssesssensseeneesesesseneeees 6
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows -....02:0..wsissssivesssssansssseacusisanencsasapeastasasnaueesabeucsasawisceuceusisepestecasions 7
Consolidated Statement of Functional Expenses - 2023 .......ssssesssessessesseesnessessessnssssescesssssssssnessesacessceneens 8
Consolidated Statement of Functional Expenses - 2022 ........sssessssssssssessessesnesessessesnsseenssssesnesnearensenenenees 9
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements............sssssssssssscsessssseesssnsesssenssneesnesneesessessessessesneseeeeseseee 10-40
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION
Schedule of Equity Equivalent Agreements ............:..cssssosssenesessvenseserssssorocnstssonsnsssvaneseessaessorssesssesseansces 41 = 42
Toa Ruin Descriptions cerccsseseccarszsccacoasasecsesssecesnsonseracaseasattocansensenanastennaaeeneammatanameaiececaan Oman
Schedule of Expenditures of Federal Awards..........sscsssssssssscsesssscsesseesesseessesessssseesessesstsssessesseaaees 48
Notes to Schedule of Expenditures of Federal Awards...........cssssssssssssessssssssecsssorssesssessscestitnciecssassccnsonsss 49
INTERNAL CONTROL AND COMPLIANCE
Independent Auditor’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial

Reporting and on Compliance and Other Matters Based on an

Audit of Financial Statements Performed in Accordance with

Government Auditing StAnNdQrds .iss.siscssssesssssesoorsesssessessesseetsssuessnnenstivitesriiisairacainnincnawss 50-5]
Independent Auditor’s Report on Compliance For Each Major

Federal Program and on Internal Control Over Compliance

Required by the Uniform Guidance ci:ccissssisssscesssntssssssstsnstvarsircios onmeainimeumanianimenmcas 52-54
Schedule of Findings and Questioned Costs....isesscssssisiersevasacsseasaneunsssuessnensnsonenetsvsevasescrivaninnsncomaeiesies 55-50


Southeast Community Capital Corporation
and Subsidiaries d/b/a Pathway Lending
Board of Directors and Executive Management 2023
ee
Dr. William H. (Herb) Byrd, III - Chairman Dave Berezov
Jon Davies - Vice Chairman Tom Hunter
Andre Gist Cindy Herron
Ivanetta Davis-Samuels Hugh Queener
Clint Gwin, President and CEO
Barbara Harris, EVP, Chief Financial Officer
Amy Bunton, EVP, Chief Operating Officer
Holland (Hank) Helton, EVP, Chief Stakeholder Officer, Secretary
i
ARCHIVE


KraftCPAs
PLLC
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
Board of Directors
Southeast Community Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries d/b/a Pathway Lending
Nashville, Tennessee
REPORT ON THE AUDITS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OPINION
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Southeast Community Capital
Corporation and Subsidiaries d/b/a Pathway Lending (“Corporation”) which comprise the consolidated
statements of financial position as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements
of activities, cash flows and functional expenses for the years then ended, and the related notes to the
consolidated financial statements.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of Southeast Community Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries d/b/a Pathway Lending
as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the changes in their net assets and their cash flows for the years then
ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States
of America (GAAS) and the standards applicable to financial audits contained in Government Auditing
Standards issued by the Comptroller General of the United States. Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial
Statements section of our report. We are required to be independent of the Corporation and to meet our
other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
our audit opinion.
EMPHASIS OF MATTER
As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Corporation has elected to change its method of
accounting for the allowance for credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2023. Our opinion is not
modified with respect to this matter.
-l-
KraftCPAs PLLC + Certified Public Accountants and Consultants
555 Great Circle Road + Nashville, TN 37228 + phone: 615-242-7351 » fax: 615-782-4271 + kraftcpas.com


RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial
statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America,
and for the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and
fair presentation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are
conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Corporation’s
ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the consolidated financial
statements are available to be issued.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s
report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute
assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS and
Government Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of
not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as
fraud may involve collusion, forgery, internal omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal
control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in
the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the consolidated
financial statements.

In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS and Government Auditing Standards, we:

e Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.

e Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
whether due to fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks.
Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.

e Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
opinion on the effectiveness of the Corporation’s internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion
is expressed.

e Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant
accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the
consolidated financial statements.

e Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate,
that raise substantial doubt about the Corporation’s ability to continue as a going concern for a
reasonable period of time.

We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters,
the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings and certain internal control-related
matters that we identified during the audit.
= .
ARCHIVE


REPORT ON SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION
Our audits were conducted for the purpose of forming an opinion on the consolidated financial statements as
a whole. The information on pages 41 - 49 is presented for purposes of additional analysis and is not a
required part of the consolidated financial statements. The accompanying schedule of expenditures of federal
awards on pages 48 - 49 is required by Title 2 U.S. Code of Federal Regulations Part 200, Uniform
Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards (Uniform
Guidance) and the Audit Manual issued by the Comptroller of the Treasury of the State of Tennessee. Such
information is'the responsibility of management and was derived from and relates directly to the underlying
accounting and other records used to prepare the consolidated financial statements. The information on pages
40 - 48 has been subjected to the auditing procedures applied in the audit of the consolidated financial
statements and certain additional procedures, including comparing and reconciling such information directly
to the underlying accounting and other records used to prepare the consolidated financial statements or to the
consolidated financial statements themselves, and other additional procedures in accordance with auditing
standards generally accepted in the United States of America. In our opinion, the information is fairly stated,
in all material respects, in relation to the consolidated financial statements as a whole.
OTHER INFORMATION
Management is responsible for the other information included in the consolidated financial statements. The
other information comprises the board of directors listing on page i but does not include the basic financial
statements and our auditors report thereon. Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements do not
cover the other information, and we do not express an opinion or provide any form of assurance on it.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and consider whether a material inconsistency exists between the other information and the
consolidated financial statements, or the other information appears to be materially misstated. If, based on
the work performed, we conclude that an uncorrected material misstatement of the other information exists,
we are required to describe that in our report.
OTHER REPORTING REQUIRED BY GOVERNMENT AUDITING STANDARDS
In accordance with Government Auditing Standards, we have also issued our report dated April 10, 2024, on
our consideration of Southeast Community Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries d/b/a Pathway Lending’s
internal control over financial reporting and on our tests of its compliance with certain provisions of laws,
regulations, contracts, and grant agreements and other matters. The purpose of that report is solely to
describe the scope of our testing of internal control over financial reporting and compliance and the results of
that testing, and not to provide an opinion on the effectiveness of the Southeast Community Capital
Corporation and Subsidiaries d/b/a Pathway Lending’s internal control over financial reporting or on
compliance. That report is an integral part of an audit performed in accordance with Government Auditing
Standards in considering Southeast Community Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries d/b/a Pathway
Lending’s internal control over financial reporting and compliance.
Fpagie Pas PLLC
Nashville, Tennessee
April 10, 2024
3
ARCHIVE


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
2023 _ 2022
ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents $ 12,407,098 $ 10,246,591
Restricted cash - lending 135,563,564 115,903,406
Restricted cash - loan loss reserve funds 8,460,860 7,242,268
Restricted cash - other 4,004,289 7,473,399
Due from grantors 473,227 277,519
Other accounts receivable 659,493 530,975
Interest receivable 939,398 573,665
Loans receivable, net of allowance for credit losses

of $9,137,519 and $7,098,402 at 2023 and 2022, respectively 171,089,268 138,873,821
Federal Home Loan Bank stock, at cost 226,900 258,200
Property and equipment, net 1,335,430 1,347,861
Other assets 1,038,378 849,673
TOTAL ASSETS $ 336,197,905  $ 283,577,378

LIABILITIES AND NET ASSETS
LIABILITIES
Accounts payable $ 550,103 $ 1,729,912
Interest payable 1,225,013 1,065,263
Lines of credit payable 70,000,000 58,000,000
Notes payable 192,193,294 164,492,560
Deferred revenue 7,378,438 8,571,861
Other liabilities 3,278,320 1,422,254
TOTAL LIABILITIES 274,625,168 235,281,850
NET ASSETS
Without donor restrictions 59,889,646 46,833,242
With donor restrictions 1,683,091 1,462,286
TOTAL NET ASSETS 61,572,737 48,295,528
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND NET ASSETS $ 336,197,905 $_283,577,378
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
she


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF ACTIVITIES
IE 31, 2023
Without Donor With Donor
Restrictions Restrictions Total
REVENUE AND OTHER SUPPORT
Grant and Contribution Revenue
USS. Treasury CDFI Award $ 4,957,678 $ - $ 4,957,678
U.S, Small Business Administration - Technical Assistance 306,730 - 306,730
U.S. Small Business Administration VBOC 321,473 - 321,473
U.S. Small Business Administration SBA Prime 202,101 - 202,101
Appalachian Regional Commission 53,076 - 53,076
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County - operating 546,533 - 546,533
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County - passthrough 561,650 - 561,650
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County - contributed loan capital 5,550,000 - 5,550,000
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County - TN Bames Fund passthrough 314,691 - 314,691
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County - TN Bares Fund contributed capital 247,500 - 247,500
TVA passthrough funds 8,786,572 “ 8,786,572
Truist passthrough funds 25,000 - 25,000
United Way 17,500 17,500 35,000
Corporate and foundation operational grants 569,532 - 569,532
Truist charitable fund - 300,000 300,000
Contributed loan capital 5,900,000 - 5,900,000
Total Grant and Contribution Revenue 28,360,036 317,500 28,677,536
Interest and Program Service Revenue
Interest income - loans 9,261,949 - 9,261,949
Interest income - bank deposits 5,186,583 - 5,186,583
Financing fees and charges 1,288,419 - 1,288,419
Fee income 543,226 = 543,226
Total Interest and Program Services Revenue 16,280,177 - 16,280,177
Other Support
Loss on disposal of property and equipment (5,517) - (5,517)
In-kind and other contributions 103,330 - 103,330
Miscellaneous 122,246 - 122,246
Net Assets Released From Restrictions
Loan loss reserve usage 78,695 (78,695) -
‘Women's business center - purpose release 18,000 (18,000) -
TOTAL REVENUE AND OTHER SUPPORT 44,956,967 220,805 45,177,772
EXPENSES
Program activities
Lending and education programs 29,363,304 - 29,363,304
Supporting services
Administrative and general 1,448,672 - 1,448,672
Fundraising activities 59.374 - 59,374
TOTAL EXPENSES 30,871,350 - 30,871,350
CHANGE IN NET ASSETS 14,085,617 220,805 14,306,422
NET ASSETS - BEGINNING OF YEAR 46,833,242 1,462,286 48,295,528
Impact of adopting ASC 326 1,029.213) 1,029,213
NET ASSETS - END OF YEAR $ 59,889,646 $ 1.683.091 $ 61,572,737
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
° ARCHIVE


MMi ITAL IN
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF ACTIVITIES
D MBER 3.
Without Donor With Donor
___Restrictions ___Restrictions___Total_
REVENUE AND OTHER SUPPORT
Grant and Contribution Revenue
U.S, Treasury CDFI Award $ 690,000 $ - $ 690,000
USS. Small Business Administration - Technical Assistance 370,450 - 370,450
U.S. Small Business Administration VBOC 328,460 - 328,460
U.S. Small Business Administration SBA Prime 79,723 - 79,723
Metropolitan Development and Housing Agency
Community Development Block Grant 48,375 - 48,375
State of Tennessee - Rural Opportunity Fund 66,109 - 66,109
State of Tennessee - Tennessee Placemakers 5,267 - 5,267
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County - operating 1,043,067 > 1,043,067
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County - loan funds 2,775,000 - 2,775,000
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County - passthrough 8,343,277 - 8,343,277
TVA passthrough funds 5,916,117 - 5,916,117
Ignite passthrough funds 12,000 - 12,000
United Way 18,000 18,000 36,000
Corporate and foundation operational grants 709,263 = + 709,263
City of Chattanooga - 50,000 50,000
Contributed loan capital 2,620,847 - 2,620,847
Total Grant and Contribution Revenue 23,025,955 68,000 23,093,955
Interest and Program Service Revenue
Interest income - loans 7,823,076 - 7,823,076
Interest income - bank deposits 1,429,039 - 1,429,039
Financing fees and charges 970,413 - 970,413
Fee income 431,925 : 431,925
Total Interest and Program Services Revenue 10,654,453 - 10,654,453
Other Support
Gain on sale of building 438,718 - 438,718
In-kind and other contributions 121,312 - 121,312
Miscellaneous 91,607 - 91,607
Rental income 59,875 - 59,875
Net Assets Released From Restrictions
Loan loss reserve usage 250,000 (250,000) -
Alabama Small Business Opportunity Fund - time release 348,425 (348,425) -
Women's business center - purpose release 18,000 (18,000) -
TOTAL REVENUE AND OTHER SUPPORT 35,008,345 (548,425) 34,459,920
EXPENSES
Program activities
Lending and education programs 28,421,070 - 28,421,070
Supporting services
Administrative and general 1,152,057 - 1,152,057
Fundraising activities 11,230 - 11,230
TOTAL EXPENSES 29,584,357 = 29,584,357
CHANGE IN NET ASSETS 5,423,988 (548,425) 4,875,563
NET ASSETS - BEGINNING OF YEAR 41,409.254 2,010,711 43,419,965
NET ASSETS - END OF YEAR $ 46,833,242 $ 1,462,286 $ _48,295.528
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
-6-


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
2023 2022
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Change in net assets $ 14,306,422 $ 4,875,563
Adjustments to reconcile change in net assets to net cash provided by
operating activities:
Depreciation 78,347 94,542
Contributed loan capital from equity equivalent agreements (5,900,000) (2,620,847)
Loan loss provision - allowance for credit losses 3,147,288 1,887,918
Loan loss provision - unfunded commitments 42,379 -
(Gain) loss on disposal of property and equipment S0L7 (438,718)
Net changes in:
Due from grantors (195,708) 403,662
Interest receivable (365,733) 34,591
Other accounts receivable (128,518) 1,258,877
Other assets (188,705) (133,536)
Accounts payable (1,179,809) 1,392,174
Interest payable 159,750 504,015
Deferred revenue (1,193,423) 1,565,901
Other liabilities 774,771 176,877
NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 9,362,578 9,001,019
INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Changes in loans receivable, net of charge offs (35,353,032) 3,901,677
Redemption of FHLB stock 31,300 43,000
Proceeds from sale of property and equipment - 915,156
Acquisition of property and equipment (71,433) (62,628)
NET CASH (USED IN) PROVIDED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES (35,393,165) 4,797,205
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Net change in lines of credit 12,000,000 1,000,000
Payments on mortgage and notes payable (1,399,266) (4,236,245)
Proceeds from notes payable 35,000,000 17,700,000
NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 45,600,734 14,463,755
NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 19,570,147 28,261,979
CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH - BEGINNING OF YEAR 140,865,664 112,603,685
CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH - END OF YEAR $__ 160,435,811 $ 140,865,664
Cash and cash equivalents $ 12,407,098 $ 10,246,591
Restricted cash - lending 135,563,564 115,903,406
Restricted cash - loan loss reserve funds 8,460,860 7,242,268
Restricted cash - other 4,004,289 7,473,399
TOTAL CASH $__ 160,435,811 $ 140,865,664
SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION
Cash paid for interest $ 6,272,772 $ 2,782,949
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
* ARCHIVE


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FUNCTIONAL EXPENSES
DECEMBER 31, 2023
Lending and Administrative
Education and Fundraising
Programs General Activities Total

Salaries and benefits $ 7,628,765 $ 1,305,632 $ 54,233 $ 8,988,630
Travel 278,089 6,229 4,668 288,986
Dues, licenses, permits 54,742 2,999 - 57,741
Office expenses 156,627 11,919 - 168,546
Telecommunications 94,341 TAZ? a 101,480
Postage and freight 1,203 58 « 1,261
Equipment maintenance 223 25 - 248
Professional services 692,583 35,381 - 727,964
Consulting 467,763 25,723 - 493,486
Marketing 42,514 875 - 43,389
Insurance 103,572 11,508 - 115,080
Occupancy 137,521 11,007 - 148,528
Depreciation 70,512 7,835 - 78,347
Conferences and meetings 255,009 10,124 461 265,594
Miscellaneous 77,080 1,932 - 79,012
Interest expense 6,424,868 7,654 - 6,432,522
Income taxes 312 2,644 - 2,956
Loan loss provision

Allowance for credit losses 3,147,288 - - 3,147,288

Unfunded commitments 42,379 - - 42,379
Passthrough grants awarded

TVA passthrough expenses 8,786,572 - - 8,786,572

Metro Nashville grants 561,650 - - 561,650

TVA Barnes grants 314,691 - - 314,691

Truist grants 25,000 - - 25,000
Total $ 29,363,304 $ 1,448,672 $ 59,374 $ 30,871,350
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

-8-
ARCHIVE


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FUNCTIONAL EXPENSES
DECEMBER 31, 2022
Lending and Administrative
Education and Fundraising
Programs General Activities Total

Salaries and benefits $ 6,791,212 $ 866,074 $§$ 10,870 $ 7,668,156
Travel 232,464 4,209 313 236,986
Dues, licenses, permits 40,225 2,556 - 42,781
Office expenses 147,887 7,608 - 155,495
Telecommunications 110,236 10,800 - 121,036
Postage and freight 3,601 272 - 3,873
Equipment maintenance 528 59 - 587
Professional services 590,609 36,214 - 626,823
Consulting 516,452 12,984 - 529,436
Marketing 60,726 170 - 60,896
Insurance 94,673 20,978 - 115,651
Occupancy 120,457 146,339 - 266,796
Depreciation 65,060 29,482 - 94,542
Conferences and meetings 153,084 6,278 47 159,409
Loan loss provision 1,887,918 - - 1,887,918
Miscellaneous 53,985 1,629 - 55,614
Interest expense 3,280,559 6,405 - 3,286,964
Passthrough grants awarded

Metro Nashville grants 8,343,277 - - 8,343,277

TVA passthrough expenses 5,916,117 - - 5,916,117

Ignite grant 12,000 - - 12,000
Total $ 28,421,070 $ 1,152,057 $ 11,230 $ 29,584,357
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

-9-
ARCHIVE


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE | - GENERAL AND ORGANIZATION
Nature of Organization
Southeast Community Capital Corporation d/b/a Pathway Lending (“Pathway” or the “Corporation”)
is a Tennessee not-for-profit corporation and is Tennessee’s only state-wide economic development
and business-focused certified Community Development Financial Institution (CDFI). The mission
of the Corporation is to provide lending solutions and educational services that support the
development, growth, and preservation of underserved businesses, affordable housing and
sustainable communities; to help stimulate economic development and job creation through small
business lending to low income, underserved small businesses that lack access to traditional banking
credit; and to provide educational services to these small businesses to help them grow and achieve
sustainability. The Corporation provides loans to target markets including: 1) small businesses in
low and moderate-income areas, 2) low and moderate-income entrepreneurs, and 3) African-
American owned businesses. Loan types include term notes, lines of credit, purchase order
financing, contract and accounts receivable financing, business real estate, and bridge financing (in
limited cases).
Pathway began operations on December 21, 1999 as a wholly owned subsidiary of Technology
2020. Pathway was approved on February 16, 2001, as a CDFI by the Community Development
Financial Institution’s Fund of the United States Department of Treasury (the CDFI Fund). The
Corporation provides business education and technical assistance to small and disadvantaged
businesses through various government and non-profit support programs, including: the U.S. Small
Business Administration, the U.S. Small Business Administration Office of Veterans Business
Development, and the Metropolitan Development Housing Agency and various foundations. The
assistance includes access to financial services, access to capital needs and includes classroom
education, one-on-one assistance, on-line training and peer learning.
On April 11, 2019, Pathway established Pathway Memphis, LLC (“Memphis”), a Tennessee not-for-
profit corporation wholly owned by Pathway with a mission of the relief of poverty, the elimination
of prejudice, the lessening of neighborhood tensions, and the combating of community deterioration
in certain economically depressed areas located within the Memphis Metropolitan Statistical Area
and enhancing minority-owned and/or women-owned businesses, small businesses and
disadvantaged businesses operating or located within the Memphis Metropolitan Statistical Area
through a program of financial assistance and other aid designed to improve economic conditions
and economic opportunities in these areas, and other charitable programs and engaging in any and all
actions necessary or incidental to the foregoing.
In 2021, Pathway Lending CDE, LLC (“PWL CDE”) was certified by the CDFI Fund as a
Community Development Entity (CDE) under its New Market Tax Credit (NMTC) program.
<1
ARCHIVE


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING ,
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 1 - GENERAL AND ORGANIZATION (CONTINUED)
PWL CDE is a 99% owned subsidiary of Pathway Lending. PWL CDE was formed to further
Pathway’s activities in the NMTC program. Pathway Lending is the managing member of Pathway
Lending CDE, LLC.
The NMTC program is a federal program created by Congress in 2002 and managed by the Treasury
Department’s CDFI Fund. The NMTC program is designed to encourage private capital investment
in low-income communities by providing tax credits to investors who make qualified equity
investments as defined in Section 45D of the Internal Revenue Code in privately managed
investment vehicles called Community Development Entities (CDEs). The CDEs then invest the
proceeds of the qualified equity investments in low-income communities. The tax credits provided to
the investors total 39% of the cost of the investments and are claimed over a seven-year credit
allowance period.
The subsidiaries of Pathway Lending CDE, LLC (Sub CDEs) are certified by the U.S. Treasury’s
Community Development Finahcial Institutions Funds (CDFI) as Community Development Entities.
As a CDE, the Sub CDEs’ primary mission is to provide loans to qualified businesses in low-income
communities of the Sub CDEs’ service area. The Sub CDEs are owned .1% by Pathway Lending
CDE and 99.9% by the NMTC investor.
Pathway Lending CDE Advisors, LLC (“PWL Advisors”) was formed in 2021 to function as the
administrative member or administrative manager of the Sub CDEs. PWL Advisors is 50.01%
owned by Pathway and 49.99% by an unrelated entity. In accordance with operating agreements of
PWL Advisors, profits, losses and cash flows are allocated consistent with ownership percentage.
In accordance with accounting guidance from the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) on
Recognition of Control Partnerships and Similar Entities, the presumption is established that the
managing member in a limited liability company controls the entity regardless of the extent of the
managing member’s ownership interest. The presumption of control may be overcome if the investor
members have either (i) substantive participating rights or (ii) the substantive ability to dissolve the
entity or otherwise remove the managing member without cause. The Organization determined that
the presumption of control for the limited liability companies in which PWL CDE is a managing
member were overcome as the investor members have substantial participating rights. Accordingly,
the investments and related activities of the Sub CDEs have not been consolidated with these
consolidated financial statements.
In October 2022 the Corporation purchased 1,000 shares of stock (100%) in PL Birchstone Village,
Inc (“PL Birchstone”). The purpose of PL Birchstone is to serve as the general partner of Birchstone
Village LP, to construct a 228-unit multi-family residential housing complex with all units to be
affordable to persons earning less than 60% of the area median income. PL Birchstone owns .009%
of Birchstone Village, LP., .001% in Birchstone Village GP, LLC and .10% of Birchstone Village
Developer, LLC. Only the activities of PL Birchstone are consolidated with the Corporation. The
project broke ground in January 2023. Construction is ongoing and expected to be completed by the
end of 2024.
iis
ARCHIVE


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements present the financial position and changes in
net assets of the Corporation on the accrual basis of accounting in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP).
Consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Southeast Community Capital
Corporation d/b/a Pathway Lending and its subsidiaries, Pathway Memphis, LLC, Pathway
Lending CDE, LLC, Pathway Lending CDE Advisors, and PL Birchstone Village, Inc.
collectively referred to as the “Corporation”. All significant intercompany transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation.
Resources are classified as net assets without donor restrictions and with donor restrictions based
on the existence or absence of donor-imposed restrictions, as follows:
Net assets without donor restrictions - Net assets that are free of donor-imposed
restrictions. All revenues, gains, and losses that are not restricted by donors are included in
this classification. These net assets may be used at the discretion of the Corporation’s
management and the Board of Directors.
Net Assets with donor restrictions - Net assets subject to stipulations imposed by donors
and grantors. Some donor restrictions are temporary in nature; those restrictions will be met
by actions of the Corporation or by the passage of time. There are currently no donor
restrictions that are perpetual in nature.
Donor restricted contributions are reported as increases in net assets with donor restrictions.
When a restriction expires, net assets are reclassified from net assets with donor restrictions
to net assts without donor restrictions in the consolidated statements of activities.
Revenue Recognition
Grants - Revenues from government grant and contract agreements, which are generally
considered non-exchange transactions, are recognized when qualifying expenditures are incurred
and conditions under the agreements are met. Payments received in advance of conditions being
met are recorded as deferred revenues on the consolidated statements of financial position.
Lending operations - The Corporation receives some grant awards in the form of loans which
require repayment of the loaned amounts under various conditions and are reported as notes
payable. Some of these awards allow the Corporation to earn revenue when certain conditions are
fulfilled.
-12-


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31. 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
Revenue Recognition (Continued)
Contributions - Unconditional contributions of cash and other assets, including contributions
receivable (unconditional promises to give), are recorded as revenue based upon any donor-
imposed restrictions on the date of the donor’s commitment or gift. Noncash contributions are
recorded at the estimated fair value at the date of the gift. Contributions receivable, if any, are
recorded at the estimated present value, net of an allowance for uncollectible amounts, if deemed
necessary. Contributions, including unconditional promises to give, are recognized as revenues in
the period received.
A contribution is conditional if an agreement includes a barrier that must be overcome and either a
right of return of assets transferred or a right of release of a promisor’s obligation to transfer assets
exists. The presence of both a barrier and a right of return or right of release indicates that a
recipient is not entitled to the contribution until it has overcome the barrier(s) in the agreement.
Conditional promises to give are not recognized until the barrier(s) in the agreement are overcome.
Donated Services. Goods and Facilities
Volunteers donate time to the Corporation’s program services during the year. There were no
specialized services contributed to the Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2023 or 2022.
Other donated services may not be reflected in the consolidated financial statements since the
services do not require specialized skills. -
The Corporation received rent-free office space from January through December of 2023 and 2022
for the Knoxville location in the amount of $9,000 per year. This is included in Occupancy on the
statements of functional expenses.
Nonfinancial assets contributed to the Corporation are used in the Corporation’s programs and are
not significant to break out separately in the consolidated statements of activities.
Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash held in checking and money market accounts.
Restricted cash consists of discretely managed accounts maintained to comply with contractual
requirements imposed by grantors, contribution restrictions imposed by donors and internal
designations by management and the Board of Directors.
Cash restricted for lending purposes is intended only to fund loans. Restricted cash for loan loss
reserves is intended only to be used to replenish loan funds in the event of a loan charge off.
218s


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Loans Receivable
Loans that management has the intent and ability to hold for the foreseeable future or until
maturity or payoff are reported at their outstanding principal balances adjusted for any charge-offs
and any deferred fees or costs on originated loans. Interest income is accrued on the unpaid
balance. Past due status is determined based on the contractual terms of the note.
Interest on loans is computed on a daily basis based on the principal amount outstanding using the
interest method. Interest accruals are discontinued when management believes, after considering
economic and business conditions and collection efforts, that it is not reasonable to expect that
such interest will be collected. Interest income on loans in nonaccrual status is subsequently
recognized only to the extent cash payments are received over principal payments due. Loan fees
and costs are deferred and amortized as an adjustment to the related loan yield over the contractual
life of the loan.
Loans are placed on non-accrual status when the loan has become 90 days past due and any of the
following conditions exist:

* It becomes evident that the borrower will not make payments or will not or cannot meet

the Corporation’s terms for the renewal of a matured loan;
¢ When full repayment of principal and interest is not expected;
¢ When the borrower files bankruptcy and an approved plan of reorganization or liquidation
is not anticipated in the near future; or

¢ When foreclosure action is initiated
When a loan is placed on non-accrual status, all existing accrued interest is reversed against
interest income, and accrual of interest for financial statement purposes is discontinued. The
Corporation continues to track the contractual interest for purposes of customer reporting and any
potential litigation or later collection of the loan. Subsequent payments of interest can be
recognized as income on a cash basis provided that full collection of principal is expected.
Otherwise, all payments received are applied to principal only.
In the event of a loan charge-off related to a loan fund with such provisions, restricted cash for
loan loss reserves is transferred to restricted cash for lending purposes to maintain loan-making
potential.

-14-


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
Loans Receivable (Continued)
Uncollectible loans are charged to the allowance account in the period such determination is made.
Subsequent recoveries on loans previously charged off are credited to the allowance account in the
period received. While management uses available information to recognize losses on loans, future
losses on loans may be accruable based on changes in economic conditions.
Allowance for Credit Losses
The Corporation adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards
Codification (ASC) 326 effective January 1, 2023, which requires the estimation of an allowance
for credit losses in accordance with the current expected credit loss (“CECL”) methodology.
Management assesses the adequacy of the allowance on a quarterly basis. This assessment
includes procedures to estimate the allowance and test the adequacy and appropriateness of the
resulting balance. The level of the allowance is based upon management’s evaluation of historical
default and loss experience, current and projected general economic outlook, composition of the
loan portfolio, industry and peer bank loan quality indications and other pertinent factors,
including analysis of key lending staff. The level of the allowance for credit losses maintained by
management is believed adequate to absorb all expected future losses inherent in the loan portfolio
at the balance sheet date. The allowance is increased through provision for credit losses and
decreased by charge-offs, net of recoveries of amounts previously charged-off.
The allowance for credit losses is measured on a collective (pool) basis when similar risk
characteristics exist. The Corporation has identified the following portfolio segments for analysis
and measurement of allowance for credit losses: Commercial Real Estate Loans (including
Multifamily and loans made through the Memphis Medical District Investment Fund),
Commercial Loans (including Term loans, Lines of Credit and SBA Microloans) and Energy
Efficiency Loans.
All Joan pools, with the exception of Multifamily loans and loans made through the Memphis
Medical District Investment Fund, utilize the Discounted Cash Flow model approach for
estimation of an allowance for credit losses. The Discounted Cash Flow analysis pairs loan-level
term information (maturity date, payment amount, interest rate, etc.) with top-down pool
assumptions (default rates, prepayment speeds, etc.) to produce individual expected cash flows for
every loan in the pool. Those results are then aggregated to produce pool-level results and
ultimately the reserve requirement for that pool. Since the Multifamily and Memphis Medical
District Investment Fund pools have no loss history, the weighted average remaining maturity
method is utilized to calculate estimated future losses. Loss data from commercial banks in
Tennessee with assets between $100,000 and $1,000,000 that have a multifamily portfolio was
selected as a proxy for the Corporation’s lack of loss history. The average annual charge-off rate
for these peers is used as a foundation for estimating the credit loss content for the remaining
balances of the segments. This average annual charge-off rate is applied to the contractual term of
the segments to determine the unadjusted historical charge-off rate for the remaining balance of
the financial assets.
-15-
ARCHIVE


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
Allowance for Credit Losses (Continued)
The estimated loan losses for all loan pools are adjusted for changes in qualitative factors not
inherently considered in the quantitative analyses. Adjustments for each qualitative factor may be
obtained from internal sources (such as changes in underwriting standards) or external sources
(such as economic factors). Each quarter’s measurements are evaluated and assigned a factor
commensurate with the current level of risk relative to past measurements over time. The resulting
qualitative adjustments are applied to the relevant loan portfolios. These adjustments are based
upon quarterly trend assessments in portfolio concentrations, policy exceptions, associate
retention, independent loan review results, collateral considerations, risk ratings, competition and
peer group credit quality trends.
Loans that do not share similar risk characteristics with the collectively evaluated pools are
evaluated on an individual basis and are excluded from the collectively-evaluated pools. Individual
evaluations are performed for loans which have experienced significant credit deterioration. Such
loans are evaluated for credit losses based on either discounted cash flows or the fair value of
collateral. When management determines that foreclosure is probable, expected credit losses are
based on the fair value of the collateral, less selling costs. For loans for which foreclosure is not
probable, but for which repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation
or sale of the collateral, the Corporation has elected the practical expedient under ASC 326 to
estimate expected credit losses based on the fair value of collateral, with selling costs considered
in the event sale of the collateral is expected. For loans that are not considered collateral-
dependent, the reserve is determined by calculating the present value of expected future cashflows.
This calculation includes consideration of the following: the amount and timing of cash flows, the
effective interest rate of the loan (typically, the loan’s original interest rate), and past events,
current conditions and reasonable and supportable future forecasts.
Credit losses are estimated on the amortized cost basis of loans, which includes the principal
balance outstanding, deferred origination fees and costs, and accrued interest receivable.
Allowance for Credit Losses - Unfunded Commitments
Financial instruments include off-balance sheet credit instruments, such as commitments to make
loans. The Corporation’s exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party
to the financial instrument for off-balance sheet loan commitments is represented by the
contractual amount of those instruments. Such financial instruments are recorded when they are
funded.
-16-


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Allowance for Credit Losses - Unfunded Commitments (Continued)
The Corporation records an allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures,
unless the commitments to extend credit are unconditionally cancellable, through a charge to
provision for unfunded commitments in the consolidated statements of activities. The allowance
for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures is estimated by loan pool at each balance
sheet date under the current expected credit loss model using the same methodologies as portfolio
loans, taking into consideration the likelihood that funding will occur as well as any third-party
guarantees. The allowance for unfunded commitments is included in other liabilities on the
consolidated statements of financial position.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are capitalized at cost for purchases greater than $5,000 with an estimated
useful life of greater than one year. Depreciation of property and equipment is provided over the
estimated useful lives of the respective assets on a straight-line basis summarized as follows:

Buildings 40 Years

Building Improvements 15-25 Years

Equipment 3-12 Years
Income Taxes
The Corporation qualifies as a not-for-profit organization exempt from federal and state income
taxes under Internal Revenue Code Section 501(c)(3). The Corporation is classified as other than
a private foundation. Accordingly, income taxes are not provided.
The Corporation files a U.S. Federal Form 990 for organizations exempt from income tax, and
U.S. Federal Form 990-T for organizations exempt from income tax with unrelated business
income. In addition, the Corporation files an income tax return in the State of Tennessee.
PL Birchstone files a U.S. Federal Form 1120 for corporations subject to income tax.
Management performs an evaluation of all income tax positions taken or expected to be taken in
the course of preparing the Corporation’s income tax returns to determine whether the income tax
positions meet a “more likely than not” standard of being sustained under examination by the
applicable taxing authorities. Management has performed its evaluation of all income tax positions
taken on all open income tax returns and has determined that there were no positions taken that do
not meet the “more likely than not” standard. Accordingly, there is no provision for income taxes,
penalties or interest receivable or payable relating to uncertain income tax positions in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements.

17s


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
Advertising Costs
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was $43,389 and $60,896 for the
years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could differ from those estimates.
Allocation of Functional Expenses
The costs of providing the various programs and other activities have been summarized on a
functional basis in the consolidated statements of functional expenses as required by professional
standards for not-for-profit organizations. Accordingly, expenses have been allocated among the
program activities consisting of the Corporation’s loan programs and related supervisory and
advisory services and supporting services consisting of the Corporation’s administration and
management functions. Functional expenses may be direct or indirect. Direct expenses, including
loan loss provision and interest expense, are incurred only to benefit specific programs and are
classified as program or fundraising activities accordingly. Indirect expenses include
administrative support and shared operational expenses and are allocated to program and
administration activities using management estimates based upon personnel time and effort.
Leases
The Corporation made an accounting policy election available under Topic 842 not to recognize
right-of-use (“ROU”) assets and lease liabilities for leases with a term of 12 months or less. For
all other leases, ROU assets and lease liabilities are measured based on the present value of future
lease payments over the lease term at the commencement date of the lease. The ROU assets also
include any initial direct costs incurred and lease payments made at or before the commencement
date and are reduced by any lease incentives. Management has determined that any ROU asset
and related liability would not be material and therefore is not recorded on the consolidated
statement of financial position as of December 31, 2023 and 2022.
-18-


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31,2023 AND 2022
NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
Reclassifications
Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform with current year presentation.
These reclassifications had no effect on the prior year change in net assets.
Events Occurring After Reporting Date
The Corporation has evaluated events and transactions that occurred between December 31, 2023
and April 10, 2024, the date the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued, for
possible recognition or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements.
NOTE 3 - RECENTLY ADOPTED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
On January 1, 2023, the Corporation adopted ASU 2016-13 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses
(Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which replaces the incurred
loss methodology with an expected loss methodology that is referred to as the CECL
methodology. The measurement of expected credit losses under the CECL methodology is
applicable to financial assets measured at amortized costs, including loan receivables and held-to
maturity debt securities. It also applies to off-balance sheet credit exposures not accounted for as
insurance and net investments in leases recognized by a lessor in accordance with Topic 842 on
leases. The total impact of adoption of ASC 326 was an decrease in net assets without donor
restriction of $1,029,213, which was made up of the following:
Allowance for loan losses $ 9,703
Unfunded commitments 1,038,916
$ (1,029,213
The Corporation adopted ASC 326 using the modified retrospective method for all financial assets
measured at amortized costs and off-balance-sheet (OBS) credit exposures. Results for reporting
periods beginning after January 1, 2023 are presented under ASC 326 while prior period amounts
continue to be reported in accordance with previously applicable GAAP.
-19-


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31. 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 4 - LIQUIDITY AND AVAILABILITY OF FINANCIAL ASSETS
The Corporation’s financial assets available for general expenditure within one year of December
31 are as follows:
2023 2022
Cash and cash equivalents $ 12,407,098 $10,246,591
Restricted cash - lending 4,200,000 4,200,000
Interest receivable 939,398 573,665
Due from grantors for operations 473,227 277,519
Other accounts receivable 39,293 141,105
Financial assets available to meet cash needs for
general expenditures within one year $ 18,059,016 $ 15,438,880
Operating cash and cash equivalents include a draw of $1,800,000 on the $6,000,000 InsBank line
of credit as discussed in Note 8. The remaining $4,200,000 of the InsBank line of credit was
classified as restricted cash - lending as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 but was available to meet
the Corporation’s general operational obligations if needed. Additionally, the “Restricted cash -
loan loss reserve funds” can be used to fund the loan loss provision.
NOTE 5 - DUE FROM GRANTORS
Due from grantors consist of the following at December 31:
2023 2022
U.S. Small Business Administration
Technical Assistance Grant $ 133,840 $ 185,045
U.S. Small Business Administration
Veteran Business Outreach Center 137,720 51,860
U.S. Small Business Administration
SBA Prime 40,541 25,684
Metropolitan Development and Housing Agency
Community Development Block Grant - 12,820
State of Tennessee Department of
Economic and Community Development - 2,110
Appalachian Regional Commission 53,076 -
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and
Davidson County Barnes Housing Trust Funds 108,050 =
$_ 473,227 $_277,519
-20-


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 6 - LOANS RECEIVABLE
The Corporation’s primary business is small business lending. As a result, the Corporation’s
primary assets are loans receivable from borrowers.
Loan terms range from 12 to 336 months for term loans and 12 to 36 months for lines of credit.
Interest rates range from 2.0% to 18.0%. Interest rates are both fixed and floating above the prime
rate.
The composition of loans by primary loan classification as well as impaired and performing loan
status at December 31, 2023 and 2022 is summarized in the table below:
At December 31,
Commercial Real Commercial Energy Efficiency
Estate Loans Loans Loans Total
2023
Performing loans $ 110,980,050 $ 51,897,245 $ 15,487,170 $ 178,364,465
Impaired loans - 1,828,333 33,989 1,862,322
$ 110,980,050 $ 53,725,578 $ 15,521,159 §$ 180,226,787 .
2022
Performing loans $ 88,718,417 $ 37,342,080 $ 15,013,256 $ 141,073,753
Impaired loans 2,819,149 2,034,332 44,989 4,898,470
$ 91,537,566 $ 39,376,412 $ 15,058,245 $ 145,972,223
At December 31,
Commercial Real Commercial Energy Efficiency
Estate Loans Loans Loans Total
2023
Allowance related to:
Performing loans $ 1,751,917 $ 5,672,338 $ 202,568 $ 7,626,823
Impaired loans - 1,476,707 33,989 1,510,696
$ 1,751,917 $ 7,149,045 $ 236,557 $ 9,137,519
2022
Allowance related to:
Performing loans $ 1,341,900 $ 3,626,350 $ 277,745 § 5,245,995
Impaired loans 295,240 1,512,178 44,989 1,852,407
$ 1,637,140 $ 5,138,528 $ 322,734 $ 7,098,402
-21-


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31. 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 6 - LOANS RECEIVABLE (CONTINUED) -
The allowance for credit losses allocation by loan classification for impaired and performing loans is
summarized in the table below:
Changes in the allowance for credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 are
summarized in the table below:
For the year ended December 31, 2023
Commercial Real Commercial — Energy Efficiency
Estate Loans Loans Loans Total
Beginning Balance $ 1,637,140 $ 5,138,528 $ 322,734 $ 7,098,402
Impact of adopting ASC 326 94,615 (23,241) (81,077) (9,703)
Charged off loans - (1,682,963) - (1,682,963)
Recoveries - 584,495 - 584,495
Provision for credit losses 20,162 3,132,226 (5,100) 3,147,288
Ending Balance $ 1,751,917 $__7,149,045 $ 236,557 $9,137,519
: For the year ended December 31, 2022
Commercial Real Commercial _— Energy Efficiency
Estate Loans Loans Loans Total
Beginning Balance $ 1,551,010 $ 7,020,341 $ 365,786 $ 8,937,137
Charged off loans = (4,019,621) : (4,019,621)
Recoveries 137,500 155,469 - 292,969
Provision for credit losses (51,370) 1,982,339 (43,052) 1,887,917
Ending Balance $__1,637,140 $5,138,528 $ _322,734 $7,098,402
All loans in the loan portfolio are commercial and industrial loans to commercial customers for use
in normal business operations to finance real estate purchases, working capital needs, equipment
purchases or other expansion projects. Collection risk in the portfolio is driven by the
creditworthiness of the underlying borrowers, particularly cash flow from customers’ business
operations. The cash flow from borrowers’ operations, however, may not be as expected and the
borrower’s repayment ability could suffer. The Commercial Real Estate loans may be more
adversely affected by economic conditions in the business as opposed to general real estate market
conditions due to these transactions having complete or significant levels of owner occupancy.
While they may have higher economic risk, they typically have loan to values below 80 percent.
The primary risk in these loans is the successful operation of the business. The risk in the loans to
borrowers receiving funding for energy efficiency improvements is also primarily associated with”
the successful operation of the underlying business and its ability to service debt through business
cash flow as most of these transactions are secured by equipment or subordinated lien positions on
business assets or real property.
259


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 6 - LOANS RECEIVABLE (CONTINUED)

The allowance for credit losses at December 31, 2023 and 2022 is $9,137,519, or 5.07% of gross
loans, and $7,098,402, or 4.86% of gross loans, respectively.

In assessing the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses, management analyzes three broad
categories of loans: Commercial Real Estate, Commercial, and Energy Efficiency Loans. All loans
are subject to underwriting standards and receive risk ratings by management. The Senior Vice
President of Loan Operations, Senior Portfolio Manager and the Chief Credit Officer are
responsible for monitoring credits and making recommendations to the Staff Loan Committee
regarding accurate assignment of risk ratings throughout the life of the loan. A review of loan
ratings takes place no less than quarterly. Risk ratings are categorized as Pass One, Pass Two, Pass
Two/Watch, Substandard, or Doubtful/Loss which are defined as follows:

e Pass One - During the underwriting process, management will determine if a loan meets
Pathway Lending’s underwriting criteria. All approved loans will be assigned an initial
risk rating of Pass One. If the borrower’s repayment history and financial condition
remains satisfactory, the risk rating will not change.

e Pass Two - Assets in this category have most of the same characteristics as a loan rated
Pass One. However, the occurrence or potential occurrence of an event has been
identified that would moderately increase the level of risk. Such events might include an
adverse trend in financial performance or a specific event that has negatively impacted
the borrower. Close supervision of these loans is required by the Portfolio Manager.
Loans assigned to this risk rating must be upgraded or downgraded within 12 months.

e Pass Two/Watch - Assets in this category have deteriorated from the Pass Two category.
Assets in this category have had an occurrence of an event or an occurrence of an event is
imminent that has increased the level of risk. Events include continued weakening of
financial performance, loss of customers or contracts, that if continued will impair the
client’s ability to repay. These credits are placed on the watch-list for additional
monitoring along with the implementation, if possible, of advisory services.

e Substandard - Loans in this category have well-defined weaknesses that jeopardize the
collection of the debt and expose Pathway Lending to increased risk of loss. These loans
are marginally protected by the repayment capacity of the borrower, guarantors, and the
collateral. These loans require special monitoring and management to mitigate increased
losses.

¢ Doubtful/Loss - Assets in this category exhibit serious risks that will likely hinder the
collection of the full loan balance and result in a loss. These loans are severely
unprotected by the repayment capacity of the borrower, guarantors, and the collateral.
Strict management attention is required.

-23-


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 6 - LOANS RECEIVABLE (CONTINUED)
The following table outlines the amount of each loan classification and the amount categorized
into each risk rating class as of December 31, 2023 and 2022:
At December 31,
Commercial Real Estate Loans Commercial Loans

2023 2022 2023 2022
Loan Risk Ratings:
Pass One $ 99,007,147 $ 81,973,134 $ 43,578,332 $ 29,232,971
Pass Two 11,972,903 6,745,283 8,318,913 8,109,109
Substandard - 2,819,149 1,828,333 1,934,432
Doubtful/Loss ee = 99,900

$ 110,980,050 $ 91,537,566 $ 53,725,578 $ 39,376,412

Energy Efficiency Loans Total

2023 2022 2023 2022
Pass One $ 15,487,170 $ 15,013,256 $ 158,072,649 $ 126,219,361
Pass Two - - 20,291,816 14,854,392
Substandard - - 1,828,333 4,753,581
Doubtful/Loss 33,989 44,989 33,989 144,889

$ 15,521,159 $ 15,058,245 $ 180,226,787 $ 145,972,223
Impaired loans are individually evaluated for impairment. The Corporation does not have any
loans that are collectively evaluated for impairment. The principal balance of loans considered for
impairment amounted to $1,862,322 and $4,898,470 at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively
and are included in the risk-rated tables.
-24-


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 6 - LOANS RECEIVABLE (CONTINUED)
The following table details the recorded investment, unpaid principal balance and related
allowance and average recorded investment of our impaired loans at December 31, 2023 and 2022
by loan category and the amount of interest income recognized on these loans on a cash basis
throughout 2023 and 2022:
For the year ended
At December 31, 2023 December 31, 2023
Recorded Unpaid Principal Related Average Recorded Interest Income
Investment Balance Allowance Investment Recognized
Impaired loans with no
recorded allowance:
Commercial Real Estate Loans $ - $ - $ - $ - $ .
Commercial Loans 171,795 171,395 - 184,472 8,263
Energy Efficiency Loans = . oF - -
Total $ 171,795 $171,395 $ - $ 184,472 $ 8,263
Impaired loans with a
recorded allowance:
Commercial Real Estate Loans $ - §$ - $ - $ - $ -
Commercial Loans 1,753,578 1,656,938 1,476,707 1,666,689 103,758
Energy Efficiency Loans 33,989 33,989 33,989 39,489 =
Total $ 1,787,567 $ 1,690,927 $ 1,510,696 $ 1,706,178 $ 103,758
For the year ended
At December 31, 2022 December 31, 2022
Recorded Unpaid Principal Related Average Recorded Interest Income
Investment Balance Allowance Investment Recognized
Impaired loans with no
recorded allowance:
Commercial Real Estate Loans $ 1,729,311 $ 1,729,311 $ - $ 1,732,351 $ 120,990
Commercial Loans 389,777 389,777 - 302,393 21,990
Energy Efficiency Loans : : : : :
Total $ 2,119,088 $ 2,119,088 $ - $ 2,034,744 $ 142,980
Impaired loans with a
recorded allowance:
Commercial Real Estate Loans $ 1,089,838 $ 1,089,838 $ 295,240 $ 1,099,895 $ 15,063
Commercial Loans 1,644,555 1,644,555 1,512,178 1,650,715 115,499
Energy Efficiency Loans 44,989 44,989 44,989 48,989 :
Total $ 2,779,382 $ 2,779,382 $ 1,852,407 $ 2,799,599 $ 130,562
25%


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 6 - LOANS RECEIVABLE (CONTINUED)
The tables below present past due balances at December 31, 2023 and 2022, by loan classification
allocated between performing and impaired status:
At December 31, 2023
Greater Than Total
31-89 Days 90 Days Past Due and Current and Total
Past Due and Performing _ Performing Impaired Performing Loans
Commercial Real EstateLoans $ 174,319 $ - $ 174319 $ = $ 110,805,731 $ 110,980,050
Commercial Loans 418,732 284,298 703,030 ‘1,828,333 51,194,215 53,725,578
Energy Efficiency Loans Se = 3,989 _ 15,487,170 __15, 521,159
$593,051 $ 284,298 $ 877,349 $ 1,862,322 $ 177,487,116 $ 180,226,787
At December 31, 2022
Greater Than Total
31-89 Days 90 Days Past Due and Current and Total
Past Due and Performing _ Performing Impaired Performing Loans
Commercial Real Estate Loans $ - $ - $ - $ 2,819,149 $ 88,718,417 $ 91,537,566
Commercial Loans 50,175 2,500 52,675 2,034,332 «37,289,405 39,376,412
Energy Efficiency Loans : : : 44,989 __ 15,013,256 __15,058,245
$50,175 $ 2,500 $ 52,675 $ 4,898,470 $ 141,021,078 $_145,972,223
Nonaccrual loans totaled $908,084 and $1,452,926 as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
There are no loans past due more than 90 days and still accruing interest.
Due to the weakening credit status of a borrower, the Corporation may elect to formally restructure
certain loan terms to facilitate a repayment plan that seeks to minimize potential losses. During 2023
the Corporation had seven commercial restructurings with a total balance of $610,661 as of
December 31, 2023. All troubled loan modifications that are considered impaired are included in the
tables above. Specific reserves attributed to loan modifications totaled $576,513 as of December 31,
2023. During 2022 the Corporation had six commercial restructurings with a total balance of
$193,900 as of December 31, 2022. All troubled loan modifications that are considered impaired are
included in the tables above. Specific reserves attributed to loan modifications totaled $188,158 as
of December 31, 2022.
-26-


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 6 - LOANS RECEIVABLE (CONTINUED)

Loans receivable are typically collateralized by signed security agreements pledging assets of the
business and personal guarantees.
Loans receivable consist of 785 loans at December 31, 2023 (697 loans at December 31, 2022)
with principal balances ranging from $794 to $14,000,000. Terms vary from principal and interest
due monthly to interest only with a balloon payment due at maturity. All SBA loans have been
pledged as collateral to their respective federal programs according to their terms and conditions.
Certain parties (principally entities affiliated with members of our Board of Directors) were
customers of and had loans with the Corporation in the ordinary course of business. These loan
transactions were made on substantially the same terms as those prevailing at the time for
comparable loans to other customers. They did not involve more than the normal risk of
collectability or present other unfavorable terms. Loans to related parties as of December 31 were
as follows:

2023 2022
Balance, January | $ 361,453 $ 408,547
Advances and other additions - 55,000
Repayments and other reductions 191,837 102,094
Balance, December 31 $169,616 $361,453
In October, 2022, the Corporation was awarded a grant from the Metropolitan Government of
Nashville and Davidson County through the Barnes Fund for Affordable Housing for $1,980,000
to be used as part of the funding for the development of Birchstone Village, a 228-multi-family
residential housing complex with all units to be affordable to persons earning less than 60% of the
area median income. The grant funds are eligible to be drawn in tranches at various stages of the
development's completion. As received, the funds are being loaned to Birchstone Village, LP for
a 40-year term at a below-market rate. In 2023, $247,500 was received and loaned to Birchstone
Village, LP.

Dye


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 6 - LOANS RECEIVABLE (CONTINUED)
A schedule, by year, of principal maturities of loans receivable as of December 31, 2023 follows:
Year ending December 31,
2024 $ 32,404,240
2025 23,490,025
2026 22,623,459
2027 22,773,397
2028 29,689,934
Thereafter 49,245,732
180,226,787
Less: Allowance for credit losses (9,137,519)
Total $_171,089,268
NOTE 7 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
Property and equipment consist of the following as of December 31:
2023 2022
Buildings and improvements $ 1,967,666 $ 1,937,758
Equipment 304,021 317,525
2,271,687 2,255,283
Less: accumulated depreciation (936,257) (907,422)
Property and equipment - net $1,335,430 $ 1,347,861
-28-


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 8 - LINES OF CREDIT
The Corporation entered into a $1,000,000 secured line of credit with a financial institution on
December 9, 2011 for working capital. The line of credit is collateralized by loans receivable and
equipment. On December 30, 2014, this line was increased to $4,000,000. On August 4, 2016, the
line was extended until August 4, 2017 and the interest rate was amended to the WSJ prime rate
minus 4%. On August 4, 2017, the line was increased to $5,000,000 and extended until August 4,
2018. On August 4, 2018, the line was increased to $6,000,000 and extended until August 5, 2019.
On August 5, 2019, the line was extended to August 5, 2020 and on November 5, 2020, the line
was extended to November 5, 2021. On November 5, 2021, the line was extended to November 5,
2022 and on June 21, 2022, the security agreement was amended to change the collateral on this
line of credit to be loans outstanding in the Nashville Opportunity Fund. On November 5, 2022
the line was extended to November 5, 2023. On December 7, 2023, the line was extended to April
5, 2025. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, the rate was 4.50% and 3.50%, respectively. The
amount borrowed and outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 was
$6,000,000.
The Corporation established a $10,000,000 secured line of credit with a financial institution on
March 31, 2015. This line is part of the SBJOF portfolio and has a rate of WSJ prime rate minus
4%. On July 25, 2016, this line was increased to $13,000,000 and the maturity was extended to
June 30, 2017. On June 30, 2017, the line was increased to $16,000,000 and extended until June
29, 2018. On June 29, 2018 the line was extended until June 29, 2019. On July 12, 2019, the line
was extended to July 11, 2020. On July 11, 2020, the line was extended until July 10, 2021 and on
July 22, 2021 the line was extended to July 8, 2022. On July 14, 2022, the line was increased to
$17,000,000 and extended until July 7, 2023. On July 12, 2023, the line was extended to July 11,
2024. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, the rate was 4.50% and 3.50%, respectively. The amount
borrowed and outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 was $17,000,000.
The Corporation entered into a $3,500,000 secured line of credit with a financial institution on
December 29, 2016. This line is part of the MFIPT portfolio and has a rate of WSJ prime rate
minus 4%. On December 28, 2017, the line was increased to $5,000,000 and extended until
June 29, 2019. On June 26, 2019, the line was extended to September 27, 2019. On September 27,
2019, the line was extended to January 24, 2020. On January 24, 2020, the line was extended to
May 24, 2020. On May 24, 2020, the line was extended to May 31, 2021 and on May 31, 2021 the
line was extended to June 1, 2022. On July 29, 2022, the line was extended to August 5, 2023 and
on August 4, 2023, the line was extended to August 5, 2024. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, the
rate was 4.50% and 3.50%, respectively. The amount borrowed and outstanding for the years
ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 was $5,000,000.
-29-
ARCHIVE


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31. 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 8 - LINES OF CREDIT (CONTINUED)

The Corporation entered into a $10,000,000 secured line of credit with a financial institution on
November 26, 2019. This line is part of the MFIPT portfolio and has a rate of WSJ prime rate
minus 4%. The line was extended in December 2020 and again in February 2021. On May 28,
2021 the line was increased to $15,000,000 and extended to May 5, 2022, and on August 25, 2022,
the line was extended to August 5, 2023. On August 25, 2023 the line was extended to August 5,
2024. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, the rate was 4.50% and 3.50%, respectively. The amount
borrowed and outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 was $15,000,000.

The Corporation entered into a $15,000,000 secured line of credit with a financial institution on
June 30, 2021. This line is part of the MFIPT portfolio and has a rate of WSJ prime rate minus
4%, maturing on June 30, 2022. On June 29, 2022, the line was extended to June 30, 2023 and on
July 7, 2023 the line was extended to June 30, 2024. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, the rate
was 4.50% and 3.50%, respectively. The amount borrowed and outstanding for the years ended
December 31, 2023 and 2022 was $15,000,000.

The Corporation entered into a $12,000,000 secured line of credit with a financial institution on
December 27, 2023. This line is part of the C-PACER Program and has a rate of WSJ prime rate
minus 4%, maturing on June 27, 2025. At December 31, 2023, the rate was 4.50%. The amount
borrowed and outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2023 was $12,000,000.

The Corporation’s line of credit agreement with a financial institution requires the maintenance of
certain financial and non-financial covenants. The Corporation is in compliance with all covenants
as of December 31, 2023.

The Corporation has a blanket agreement for advances and related security agreement (the
“Blanket Agreement”) with the Federal Home Loan Bank (“FHLB”) of Cincinnati. Advances
made to the Corporation under the Blanket Agreement would be collateralized by FHLB stock and
unidentified qualifying multi-family residential mortgage loans. These collateralization matters are
outlined in the Blanket Agreement dated December 3, 2018, between the Corporation and the
FHLB. There were no borrowings as of 2023.

Stock held in the FHLB totaling $226,900 at December 31, 2023 is carried at cost. The stock is
restricted and can only be sold back to the FHLB at par.

-30-


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 9 - NOTES PAYABLE
Notes payable consist of the following at December 31:
2023 2022
SBA notes payable $ 1,628,114 $ 1,896,168
Other notes payable 46,868,788 48,900,000
Equity equivalent agreements 143,696,392 113,696,392
Total notes payable $ 192,193,294 $ 164,492,560
SBA Notes Payable
Notes payable to SBA are specific to fund the SBA Micro Loan program. These notes have a first
year 2% rate buy down, and no principal or interest payments are required for the first 12 months.
Beginning in month 13, principal and interest are amortized over the next 108 months. The interest
rates range from 0% to 1.5% at December 31, 2023 and 2022. The loans mature at the end of 10
years.

SBA Notes Payable _ Origination Date Note Amount 2023 2022
7508625003 5/26/2015 $ 750,000 $ 120,279 $ 203,993
8478565001 8/1/2016 750,000 222,223 305,556
2856927006 8/30/2018 600,000 320,655 386,619
4164359100 9/29/2022 1,000,000 964,957 1,000,000

$ 3,100,000 $ 1,628,114 $ 1,896,168
ais


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31. 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 9 - NOTES PAYABLE (CONTINUED)
Other Notes Payable
Other notes payable are to the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) and other banks and
foundations that provided financing for the Corporation’s various loan programs.
Origination —_Interest __Principal Balance Outstanding _
Date Rate Note Amount 2023 2022
Appalachian Community Capital note, 2.63%
(Principal due $1,000,000 per year on
March 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023) 9/28/2015 2.63% $ 3,000,000 $ - $ — 1,000,000
US Bank note (Principal due upon
maturity - October 2026) 10/23/2018 3.00% 2,000,000 2,000,000 2,000,000
Kresge Foundation (Principal due upon
maturity - December 2029) 12/12/2019 2.00% 2,500,000 700,000 700,000
TVA - 10 Years, No Interest (Principal
due upon maturity - August 2028) 5/18/2021 0.00% 10,000,000 10,000,000 10,000,000
Regions Bank, Prime - 4%
(Principal due upon maturity - July 2039) 7/9/2021 varies 10,000,000 10,000,000 10,000,000
Truist Bank
(Principal due upon maturity - July 2039) 7/9/2021 0.00% 10,000,000 10,000,000 10,000,000
First Horizon, Prime - 4%
(Principal due upon maturity - July 2039) 7/9/2021 varies 10,000,000 10,000,000 10,000,000
Veterans Loan Fund, 2.6% (Principal
due upon maturity - December 2028) 12/31/2021 2.60% 200,000 168,788 200,000
Opportunity Finance Network, 2%
(Principal due upon maturity - May 2027) 5/11/2022 2.00% 5,000,000 5,000,000 5,000,000
Total $52,700,000 $ 47,868,788 $ 48,900,000
E39.


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 9 - NOTES PAYABLE (CONTINUED)
Equity Equivalent Agreements
Equity equivalent agreements are bank debt instruments that are subordinated to all other debt
except similar subordinated equity equivalent type notes. The Corporation uses these notes to
fund many of the loan funds, descriptions of which can be found in the supplemental information
section of these financial statements. Notes have maturity dates of five or ten years from the date
. of origination and include automatic extension features that begin on the second or seventh
anniversary of the note. Absent prior notice by the lender, the maturity date is automatically
extended for one additional year, so that upon each extension the remaining three-year maturity is
extended to four years. Interest is compounded on a quarterly basis and principal and unpaid
interest is due at maturity. For the lending financial institutions, the agreements meet the
investment requirements of the Community Reinvestment Act and carry a below market interest
rate based on the community development purpose of relending the loan proceeds to certain
disadvantaged businesses. Agreements that fund the Corporation’s ROF and the TN-SBJOF
attribute certain State of Tennessee tax benefits to participating financial institutions that require
forgiveness of the debt at the tenth anniversary of the note, or forfeiture of all previously claimed
tax credits, plus interest and penalties, relating to the lender’s investment. It is anticipated that
ROF and TN-SBJOF agreements will be forgiven at their tenth anniversary. During the year ended
December 31, 2023, $5,900,000 of TN-SBJOF debt was forgiven ($2,620,847 as of December 31,
2022) and the contributed amount received was recognized accordingly.
The notes have interest rates ranging from 0% to 4.50% per annum. Maturity dates range from
March 2024 to December 2033.
Principal advanced during 2023 and 2022 amounted to $35,000,000 and $11,250,000,
respectively. The principal balance outstanding at December 31, 2023 and 2022 was $142,696,392
and $113,696,392 respectively.
Maturities of notes payable as of December 31, 2023 are as follows:
Year ending December 31,
2024 $ 2,370,125
2025 326,316
2026 265,937
2027 5,214,208 :
2028 10,193,679
Thereafter 31,126,637
Equity equivalent agreements 143,696,392
$_ 193,193,294
233:


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31. 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 9 - NOTES PAYABLE (CONTINUED)

The Corporation had a mortgage payable on its principal office building in Nashville. The
mortgage was refinanced during 2020. Terms required monthly payments of principal and interest
for 59 months and a final payment of all principal and interest, at a floating rate equal to prime
minus 4% (3.50% at December 31, 2022), and was scheduled to mature April 1, 2026. The
mortgage payable balance was paid off during 2022.

On February 25, 2019, the Corporation secured financing in the amount of $1,368,500 for the
purchase of a building on an adjacent lot. Terms required monthly payments of principal and
interest for 59 months and a final payment of all principal and interest, at a floating rate equal to
prime minus 4% (3.50% at December 31, 2022), and was scheduled to mature February 25, 2024.
In September 2022, the Corporation sold the underlying property, which resulted in a gain of
$438,718 and the mortgage payable balance was paid off.

NOTE 10 - NET ASSETS
Net assets consist of the following at December 31:
2023 2022

Without donor restrictions:

Undesignated $ 36,539,953 $ 22,372,737
Designated by the Board of Directors for loan capital 23,349,693 24,460,505

59,889,646 46,833,242

With donor restrictions:

Purpose restricted 1,683,091 1,462,286

Total net assets $_61,572,737 $48,295,528

-34-


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31. 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 10 - NET ASSETS (CONTINUED)
Net assets designated by the Board of Directors for loan capital is composed of the following
items as of December 31, 2023 and 2022:
2023 2022
SBJOF State Grant (net of losses and recoveries) $ 1,886,168 $ 2,060,505
TNEEF State Grant 2010 (net of losses and recoveries) 14,000,000 14,000,000
TNROF State Grant 2017-2019 (net of losses and recoveries) 6,335,892 7,125,000
OFN Contribution (Starbucks Initiative) 230,000 230,000
UCB Contribution (Pathway Memphis LLC) 762,633 910,000
Regions Bank 135,000 135,000
$_ 23,349,693 $ 24,460,505
Net assets with donor restrictions consist of contributions received for the purpose of establishing
cash reserves to cover future loan write offs for the KCTJF, MSBOF, CSBOF, MSBOF and ARC
programs and operational expenses for the WBC programs and the Tech Enabled Coaching to
Capital grant from Truist. Operational revenues for the WBC grant are moved to net assets without
donor restrictions as time passes, and revenues from the Truist grant are moved to net assets
without donor restrictions as the funds from the grant are expended. As actual loan losses are
recognized, cash from these loan loss reserves is transferred to the corresponding lending accounts
to replenish lending funds.
Tech Enabled
Coaching
ARC _CSBOF_ _KCTJF_ _WBC_ _ASBOF _MSBOF_ _to Capital Total

Net Assets with Donor Restrictions
January 1, 2022 $ 250,000 $ - $394,286 $18,000 $ 348,425 $ 1,000,000 $ - $2,010,711

Increases - 50,000 - 18,000 - - - 68,000

Releases from restriction - - - (18,000) (348,425) - - (366,425)

Loan loss reserve usage (release) (250,000) - - - - - - (250,000)
December 31, 2022 - 50,000 394,286 ~—-18,000 = 1,000,000 - 1,462,286

Increases (decreases) - - - 17,500 - - 300,000 317,500

Releases from restriction (time) - - - (18,000) - - - (18,000)

Loan loss reserve usage (release) ———— ee ee i) ee 02 %)))
December 31, 2023 $ = $50,000 $ 394,286 $17,500 $ = $921,305 $ 300,000 $ 1,683,091

~ ARCHIVE


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 11 - RISKS, CONTINGENCIES, AND ECONOMIC CONCENTRATION
The Corporation maintains cash balances at financial institutions whose accounts are insured by
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to statutory limits. The Corporation’s cash
balances generally exceed statutory limits. Management performs a semi-annual analysis on six of
the financial institutions. This analysis is performed by using the Uniform Bank Performance
Report to ensure continued financial health of the institutions. The Corporation reviews specific
financial measures to determine the relative financial strength of the banks and to determine if
there has been a change in the conditions of the banks. The Corporation has not experienced any
losses in such accounts and management considers this to be a normal business risk.
Loans receivable are subject to the risk that borrowers may not be able to make payments. The
Corporation manages this risk by educating borrowers in budget and credit management before
and after making the loan, subjecting borrowers to certain credit and income standards consistently
applied by its loan committee, verifying the credit rating, income, assets and collateral of
borrowers and monitoring borrower compliance with loan agreements. In addition, the
Corporation may use its loan loss reserve funds, which totaled $8,460,860 and $7,242,269 as of
December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, to cover any loan losses.
The Corporation’s various programs receive funding from several federal, state and local
governments. During 2023, the Corporation received a contract award of approximately $5
million from the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund (11% of 2023 total revenue
and support) and $6 million from Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson (14% of
2023 total revenue and support). During 2022, the Corporation received a contract award of
approximately $12 million from Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson (36% of
2022 total revenue and support). The majority of these funds were passed through, loaned, or
available for lending to small businesses in the Nashville area in 2023 and 2022.
NOTE 12 - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
The Corporation classifies its assets based on a hierarchy consisting of: Level 1 (assets valued using
quoted prices from active markets for identical assets), Level 2 (assets not traded on an active market
but for which observable market inputs are readily available), and Level 3 (assets valued based on
significant unobservable inputs). The asset’s or liability’s fair value measurement level within the
fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value
measurement. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and
minimize the use of unobservable inputs.
-36-


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING -
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 12 - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (CONTINUED)
Following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for assets measured at fair value on
a non-recurring basis:
Impaired Loans - A \oan is considered to be impaired when collection of all principal and interest
payments in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan agreement is not probable.
Individually identified impaired loans are measured based on the present value of expected
payments using the loan’s original effective rate as the discount rate, the loan’s observable market
price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. If the recorded
investment in the impaired loan exceeds the measure of fair value, a valuation allowance may be
established as a component of the allowance for credit losses. Impaired loans are recorded as
nonrecurring Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy.
There have been no changes in the valuation methodologies used at December 31, 2023 and 2022.
The methods described above may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of
net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, while the Corporation’s
valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of
different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments
could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date.
The following table sets forth the Corporation’s major category of assets measured at fair value on
a nonrecurring basis at December 31, 2023 and 2022:
Total reported
value in the
Statement of
Financial Position Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
2023
Impaired Loans
(included in
loans receivable) $ 180,231 $ - $ - $ 180,231
2022
Impaired Loans
(included in
loans receivable) $ 926,975 $ - $ - $ 926,975
337


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022

NOTE 12 - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (CONTINUED)
The following table presents additional quantitative information about assets measured at fair
value on a non-recurring basis and for which we have utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair
value at December 31:

2023 Fair Value 2022 Fair Value Valuation Techniques Significant Unobservable Inputs
ImpairedLoans $ 180,231 $ 926,975 Appraisal Ba aria alee
Present Value of Expected Payment Streams and Discount Rates
Future Cash Flows

NOTE 13 - RETIREMENT PLAN
The Corporation has engaged an outsourced human resource firm to manage and provide benefits
which includes a 401(k) program. Matching contributions are made on behalf of participants in an
amount equal to 100% of the amount of the eligible participants’ elective deferrals up to 3% of
their compensation and 50% of the amount of the participants’ elective deferrals that exceed 3% of
their compensation, up to 5%. Amounts contributed to the plan by the Corporation were $191,261
for 2023 and $156,932 for 2022.

NOTE 14 - SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT AGREEMENT
In January 2016, the Corporation entered into a supplemental executive retirement agreement with
its President. In connection with this agreement, a life insurance policy was purchased on the life
of the President. The agreement requires the policy, less $200,000 of cash surrender value to be
retained by the Corporation, to be transferred to the President upon his 65” birthday. If, prior to
age 65, the President voluntarily separates from the Corporation or is terminated for cause, all
benefits are forfeited. If, prior to age 65, the President is terminated without cause or there is a
change in control, the policy shall transfer to the President within 30 days of the event. Should the
President become disabled prior to his 65" birthday, he shall be entitled to 25%-75% of the cash
surrender value of the policy. The amount accrued for this agreement at December 31, 2023 and
2022 was $95,937 and $48,494, respectively.
In December of 2020, the Corporation implemented a supplemental executive retirement plan for
members of the executive and management group. The plan provides a benefit only after a
participant has achieved 10 years of service for each year thereafter until retirement age. Vesting
occurs when the employee attains retirement age unless there is an involuntary separation from
service, a disability, a change in control, or a death of the participant prior to retirement age. Any
voluntary separation from service by participant will result in forfeiture of all amounts and
immediate termination of participation in the plan. The amount accrued for this agreement at
December 31, 2023 and 2022 was $319,322 and $215,148, respectively.

-38-


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
; AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 15 - PATHWAY MEMPHIS, LLC

Pathway Memphis, LLC is a subsidiary organization of Southeast Community Capital Corporation
d/b/a Pathway Lending, and was created in 2019, with a primary objective of the relief of
poverty, the elimination of prejudice, the lessening of neighborhood tensions, and the
combating of community deterioration in certain economically depressed areas located within
the Memphis Metropolitan Area and enhancing minority-owned and/or women-owned
businesses, small businesses, and disadvantaged businesses operating or located within the
Memphis Metropolitan Statistical Area through a program of financial assistance and other aid
designed to improve economic conditions and economic opportunities in these areas, and other
charitable programs and engaging in any and all actions necessary or incidental to the
foregoing. Accordingly, Pathway Memphis continues to further the mission of Corporation and
financial position and activities are consolidated on the Corporation’s financial statements.

The following is a summary of financial position provided by Pathway Memphis, LLC as of
December 31:

2023 2022

ASSETS

Restricted cash - lending $ 472,885 $ 485,994
Interest receivable 6,558 4,679

Loans receivable __ 813,868 910,305
TOTAL ASSETS $ 1,293,311 $ 1,400,978
LIABILITIES AND NET ASSETS

LIABILITIES

Interest payable $ - §$ 18,334

Notes payable 700,000 700,000

Other liabilities 50,000 50,000
TOTAL LIABILITIES 750,000 768,334

NET ASSETS

Without donor restrictions:

Undesignated (deficit) (219,322) (277,356)
Board designated 762,633 910,000
TOTAL NET ASSETS 543,311 632,644
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND NET ASSETS $1,293,311 $ 1,400,978
-39-


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
NOTE 15 - PATHWAY MEMPHIS, LLC (CONTINUED)

The following summarizes the activity of Pathway Memphis, LLC for the year ended December
31:

20232022
Contribution from Pathway Lending $ - $ 237,500
Interest income - lending activities 31,794 972
TOTAL REVENUE AND OTHER SUPPORT 31,794 238,472
EXPENSES
Program activities 121,127 248,118
CHANGE IN NET ASSETS (89,333) (9,646)
NET ASSETS - BEGINNING OF YEAR 632,644 642,290
NET ASSETS - END OF YEAR $ 543,311 $ 632,644

NOTE 16 - NEW MARKET TAX PROGRAM
During 2021, Pathway Lending CDE, LLC was awarded $30 million in New Market Tax Credit
(NMTC) allocations to support development in low-income areas throughout its service area. As
of December 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively, Pathway Lending CDE has deployed $13 million
and $17 million, respectively, of the $30 million NMTC allocation through its CDE.
During 2022 and effective January 17, 2023, Pathway Lending CDE, LLC was awarded an
additional $40 million in New Market Tax Credit. As of December 31, 2023, Pathway Lending
CDE has deployed $40 million through its CDE.
During 2023 and effective December 11, 2023, Pathway Lending CDE, LLC was awarded an
additional $45 million in New Market Tax Credit.
-40-


SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION
ARCHIVE


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
SCHEDULE OF EQUITY EQUIVALENT AGREEMENTS
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
Origination Original December 31 December 31

Date _Note Amount _-_2023_ 2022
Synovus Bank (fka The Bank of Nashville) (Nashville, TN) 9/28/2007 $ 500,000 $ 500,000 $ 500,000
First Horizon Bank (fka Capital Bank) (Memphis, TN) 12/20/2006 800,000 794,604 794,604
Regions (Birmingham, AL) 4/13/2013 5,000,000 - 5,000,000
CapStar Bank (Nashville, TN) 5/30/2013 900,000 - 900,000
Pinnacle Bank (Nashville, TN) 12/30/2013 1,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000
Pinnacle Bank (Nashville, TN) 12/30/2013 1,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000
CB&S Bank (Russellville, AL) 3/25/2014 1,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000
Regions Bank (Birmingham, AL) 12/5/2014 1,500,000 1,500,000 1,500,000
Pinnacle Bank (fka Avenue Bank) (Nashville, TN) 12/18/2014 500,000 500,000 500,000
CapStar Bank (Nashville, TN) 8/24/2015 500,000 500,000 500,000
Wells Fargo (Minneapolis, MN) 9/29/2015 1,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000
Pinnacle Bank (Nashville, TN) 12/16/2015 1,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000
Truxton Trust (Nashville, TN) 12/29/2015 150,000 150,000 150,000
Citizens Bank (Elizabethton, TN) 12/30/2015 500,000 500,000 500,000
First Horizon (fka First Tennessee Bank (Memphis, TN) 4/5/2016 5,000,000 5,000,000 5,000,000
TriStar Bank (Dickson, TN) 7/29/2016 1,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000
Reliant Bank (fka First Advantage Bank) 8/18/2016 1,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000
First Horizon Bank (fka Capital Bank) Memphis, TN) 8/29/2016 4,000,000 4,000,000 4,000,000
InsBank (Nashville, TN) 9/8/2016 1,318,930 1,318,930 1,318,930
Pinnacle Bank (Nashville, TN) 12/22/2016 3,000,000 3,000,000 3,000,000
Pinnacle Bank (Nashville, TN) 12/22/2016 4,500,000 4,500,000 4,500,000
Wells Fargo (Minneapolis, MN) 12/27/2016 1,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000
F&M Bank (Clarksville, TN) 4/13/2017 500,000 500,000 500,000
First Horizon Bank (fka Capital Bank) (Memphis, TN) 6/22/2017 2,000,000 2,000,000 2,000,000
CB&S Bank (Rogersville, AL) 6/28/2017 500,000 500,000 500,000
Commercial Bank & Trust (Paris, TN) 7/17/2017 500,000 500,000 500,000
Compass/BBVA (Houston, TX) 8/15/2017 5,000,000 2,500,000 2,500,000
Pinnacle Bank (Nashville, TN) 8/25/2017 500,000 500,000 500,000
Pinnacle Bank (fka Prime Trust Bank) (Nashville, TN) 8/25/2017 250,000 250,000 250,000
Peoples Bank of Alabama 10/16/2017 100,000 - 100,000
Reliant Bank (fka Community Bank & Trust) 12/13/2017 100,000 100,000 100,000
Decatur County Bank (Decaturville, TN) 12/15/2017 200,000 200,000 200,000
Citizen’s Bank (Elizabethton, TN) 12/20/2017 500,000 500,000 500,000
FirstBank (fka Franklin Synergy) 12/21/2017 2,000,000 2,000,000 2,000,000
FirstBank (fka Franklin Synergy) 12/21/2017 1,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000
FirstBank (fka Franklin Synergy) 12/21/2017 2,000,000 2,000,000 2,000,000
Centennial Bank (fka Farmers and Merchants) (Trezevant, TN) 12/22/2017 50,000 50,000 50,000
Simmons 1/23/2018 100,000 100,000 100,000
Pinnacle Bank 5/24/2018 5,000,000 5,000,000 5,000,000
Pinnacle Bank 5/24/2018 2,500,000 2,500,000 2,500,000
Regions Bank 6/26/2018 2,500,000 2,500,000 2,500,000
SunTrust Bank 6/29/2018 732,858 732,858 732,858
First Horizon Bank (fka First Tennessee Bank) (Memphis, TN) 7/30/2018 5,000,000 5,000,000 5,000,000

(Continued)
Al.
ARCHIVE


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
SCHEDULE OF EQUITY EQUIVALENT AGREEMENTS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
Origination Original December 31 December 31
Date Note Amount 2023 2022

First Citizens National Bank 12/3/2018 $ 500,000 $ 500,000 $ 500,000
Truxton Trust 12/4/2018 400,000 400,000 400,000
Macon Bank and Trust Company 12/26/2018 250,000 250,000 250,000
Legends Bank 12/27/2018 300,000 300,000 300,000
McKenzie Bank 2/15/2019 100,000 100,000 100,000
Security Bank and Trust Company 5/3/2019 1,500,000 1,500,000 1,500,000
Security Bank and Trust Company 5/3/2019 500,000 500,000 500,000
Regions Bank 6/24/2019 1,500,000 1,500,000 1,500,000
Regions Bank 6/24/2019 4,500,000 4,500,000 4,500,000
FirstBank 712912019 500,000 500,000 500,000
FirstBank 7/29/2019 500,000 500,000 500,000
FirstBank 7/29/2019 1,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000
Wilson Bank & Trust 11/12/2019 1,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000
Andrew Johnson 11/25/2019 250,000 250,000 250,000
Wilson Bank & Trust 11/26/2019 1,500,000 1,500,000 1,500,000
Paragon 12/17/2019 500,000 500,000 500,000
Paragon 12/17/2019 250,000 250,000 250,000
FirstBank 12/18/2019 1,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000
FirstBank 12/18/2019 1,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000
InsBank 12/23/2019 2,000,000 2,000,000 2,000,000
Pinnacle Bank 6/15/2020 2,000,000 2,000,000 2,000,000
Legends Bank 6/25/2020 500,000 500,000 500,000
Legends Bank 2/19/2021 1,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000
Cadence Bank, NA 12/17/2021 5,000,000 5,000,000 5,000,000
First Farmers and Merchants Bank 9/1/2021 500,000 500,000 500,000
Commercial Bank and Trust 3/25/2021 500,000 500,000 500,000
FirstBank 6/21/2021 2,600,000 2,600,000 2,600,000
Regions Bank 77/2021 2,100,000 2,100,000 2,100,000
TriStar Bank 5/20/2021 500,000 500,000 500,000
Bank3 12/23/2021 500,000 500,000 500,000
Pinnacle Bank 3/2/2021 2,500,000 2,500,000 2,500,000
FirstBank 2/16/2022 1,250,000 1,250,000 1,250,000
FirstBank 2/17/2022 1,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000
First Horizon 6/2/2022 1,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000
Wilson Bank & Trust Company (Lebanon, TN) 7/12/2022 1,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000
Regions Bank 7/26/2022 5,000,000 5,000,000 5,000,000
Regions Bank 7/26/2022 1,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000
Renasant Bank 8/25/2022 200,000 200,000 200,000
Andrew Johnson 9/8/2022 500,000 500,000 500,000
InsBank 12/2/2022 300,000 300,000 300,000
Pinnacle Bank (Nashville, TN) 12/12/2022 250,000 250,000 250,000
Pinnacle Bank (Nashville, TN) 12/12/2022 750,000 750,000 750,000
Regions Bank 8/8/2023 20,000,000 20,000,000 =
Regions Bank 12/7/2023 5,000,000 5,000,000 -
Pinnacle Bank 12/19/2023 ___10,000,000 __ 10,000,000 :

$ 151,201,788 $ 142,696,392 $ 113,696,392

42-
ARCHIVE


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
LOAN FUND DESCRIPTIONS
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
The Corporation and its Subsidiaries operate eighteen targeted revolving loan funds. Generally, the loan
funds provide financing and other business consultative services to businesses that cannot access traditional
sources of loan capital. A description of the funds operated and managed by the Corporation and the balances
funded are detailed below:
Tennessee Energy Efficiency Loan Program
The Tennessee Energy Efficiency Loan Program (TN-EELP) provides financing for energy efficiency
improvements and renewable energy projects for companies with Tennessee facilities. The Program is
available for businesses of all sizes in all of Tennessee’s ninety-five counties for companies that are
unable to access traditional financing for these projects. The TN-EELP represents a $35 million
commitment in loan capital and operating support from public and private sources. Program
participants are the state of Tennessee which provided a $15 million grant ($14 million in loan capital
and $1 million in operating support); the Tennessee Valley Authority ($14 million in loan capital
structured as a 0% interest loan and a $1 million grant for operating support); and Pathway Lending
who will provide up to $5 million loan capital after the funding commitment of the others is complete
for the remaining years of the program.
Tennessee Small Business Jobs Opportunity Fund
The Tennessee Small Business Jobs Opportunity Fund (SBJOF) was created with an appropriation
from the Tennessee General Assembly of $10 million. The condition of the grant creating the fund is
that the Corporation must match dollar for dollar a minimum of $10 million with private loan capital.
The purpose of the fund is to provide loans to businesses in all Tennessee counties who are unable to
access capital to expand operations and create or retain jobs. The fund has a goal of a minimum of
15% minority participation. In 2020, a portion of this fund was allocated to provide funding
specifically related to Rapid Recovery after the Nashville Tornado of March 3, 2020 (SBJOF-RRT),
Rapid Recovery (SBJOF-RR) and Rapid Restart (SBJOF-RS) for borrowers affected by the COVID19
pandemic. As these allocated amounts are paid back, the amounts will be returned to the primary loan
fund.
Nashville Opportunity Fund
The Nashville Opportunity Fund (NOF) targets low and moderate-income census tracts in Nashville
and Davidson County with a special emphasis on an identified “Pocket of Poverty” area extending out
from downtown Nashville.
Knox County Technology and Jobs Fund
The Knox County Technology and Jobs Fund (KCTIJF) targets Knox County and fourteen surrounding
counties: Anderson, Blount, Campbell, Claiborne, Cocke, Grainger, Jefferson, Loudon, Monroe,
Morgan, Roane, Sevier, Union, and Scott. The fund provides loan funding to companies throughout
the fifteen-county region.
-43-


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
LOAN FUND DESCRIPTIONS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
Memphis Small Business Opportunity Fund
The Memphis Small Business Opportunity Fund (MSBOF) was created to improve access to capital
for underserved small businesses, particularly for minority-and women-owned businesses in the
Memphis Region. The Memphis Region includes: Shelby County, Tipton County, and Fayette County
in Tennessee; Crittenden County in Arkansas; and Benton County, Desoto County, Marshall County,
Tate County, and Tunica County in Mississippi. In 2020, a portion of this fund was allocated to
provide funding specifically related to Rapid Restart (SBJOF-M-RS) for borrowers affected by the
COVID19 pandemic. As these allocated amounts are paid back, the amounts will be returned to the
primary loan fund.
Tennessee Rural Opportunity Fund
The Tennessee Rural Opportunity Fund (TN-ROF) is targeted to ninety-two of Tennessee’s ninety-
five counties and provides loans to small businesses in rural Tennessee that are unable to access
traditional bank financing. The TN-ROF was initially capitalized with $10 million of private bank
capital. In 2017, TN-ROF was expanded with a new grant from the State of Tennessee, Department
of Economic and Community Development. The new expansion is for lending in the same target
markets with a focus on DBE’s and underserved and underrepresented populations in at-risk and
distressed counties. In 2020, a portion of this fund was allocated to provide funding specifically
related to Rapid Recovery (TNROF-RR) for borrowers affected by the COVID19 pandemic. As these
allocated amounts are paid back, the amounts will be returned to the primary loan fund.
Revolving Loan Fund
The Revolving Loan Fund (RLF) provides loans to businesses unable to access traditional loan capital
throughout the Corporation’s service areas.
U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) Micro Loan Program
The SBA Micro Loan Program provides loan funds for re-lending to non-profit intermediaries, which
then make loans (less than $50,000) to small business owners. This program places emphasis on
economically distressed areas and individuals who have demonstrated a capability to successfully
operate a business.
-44-


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
LOAN FUND DESCRIPTIONS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
Affordable Multifamily Housing Loan Consortium
The Affordable Multifamily Housing Loan Consortium (the Consortium) represents a strategic public-
private partnership that supports community needs through loans for construction, refinancing, and
renovations on affordable multifamily housing properties in low-to-moderate-income communities
throughout Tennessee. The program fills a financing gap identified in the TN Housing Development
Agency (THDA) December 2012 TN Housing Needs Assessment. The Consortium addresses housing
needs by providing capital for construction, refinancing, and retrofits of multifamily housing in low-
to-moderate-income communities. The Consortium provides developers of affordable housing loans
that have terms unique to the market with amortization schedules to 30 years, and terms and fixed
interest periods to 15 years. These significantly longer periods reduce carrying costs of the debt and
increase sustainability of these hard to finance affordable housing developments. Pathway Lending
leads the underwriting and offers participation in the loan to TN Bankers Association (TBA) Member
Banks. Pathway Lending originates and services the loans for the participating institutions and also
monitors the development for compliance with state and federal affordable housing requirements.
Appalachian Loan Fund
The Appalachian (ARC) Loan Fund targets small businesses located or primarily operating in
chronically underserved and economically distressed areas of the Appalachian region and that are
either owned by low-income individuals or engaged in a business enterprise that will create jobs or
lead to the retention of jobs for low-income individuals. This fund source of capital was repaid in
February 2023. The loans remaining in this fund were transferred to the SCC Revolving Loan Fund
(RLF).
Alabama Small Business Opportunity Fund
The Alabama Small Business Opportunity Fund (ASBOF) targets small businesses located or
primarily operating in the Appalachian region of Alabama and that engage in a business enterprise that
will create jobs or lead to the retention of jobs in this area.
Pathway Memphis LLC - Mezzanine Fund
Pathway Memphis, LLC is a subsidiary organization of Southeast Community Capital Corporation
and Subsidiaries d/b/a Pathway Lending, and was created in 2019, with a primary objective of the
relief of poverty, the elimination of prejudice, the lessening of neighborhood tensions, and the
combating of community deterioration in certain economically depressed areas located within the
Memphis Metropolitan Area and enhancing minority-owned and/or women-owned businesses, small
businesses, and underserved businesses operating or located within the Memphis Metropolitan
Statistical Area through a program of financial assistance and other aid designed to improve economic
conditions and economic opportunities in these areas, and other charitable programs and engaging in
any and all actions necessary or incidental to the foregoing +The Mezzanine Fund was established to
provide patient capital for businesses located within the Memphis Metropolitan Area.
-45-


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
LOAN FUND DESCRIPTIONS (CONTINUED
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
Memphis Medical District Investment Fund
Memphis Medical District Investment Fund (MMDIF) is funded by a consortium of private
foundations and banking partners. MMDIF is designed to invest in transformative real estate projects
that advance the physical re-development of designated Memphis districts. The following project
types are eligible for financing: Market rate rental housing; Affordable rental housing; Mixed-income
housing; Mixed use projects; Commercial; and Retail.
Chattanooga Small Business Opportunity Fund
The Chattanooga Small Business Opportunity Fund (CSBOF) was created to offer a new, flexible
source of capital for small businesses to enhance the entrepreneurial ecosystem of Chattanooga with
longstanding impact. Its purpose is to support financing for smal] and underserved businesses with an
emphasis on minority-owned businesses, businesses located in low-income communities, low-income
entrepreneurs, women-owned businesses, and veteran owned businesses.
Pathway Lending Flex Fund
Pathway Lending Flex Fund (PLFF) was created with a donation from Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. in
2021 for a Mezzanine Fund. The Mezzanine Fund was established to provide patient capital for
businesses located for all target areas but emphasizing outside of the Memphis Metropolitan Area
covered by Pathway Memphis LLC Mezzanine Fund.
Veteran Loan Fund
The Veteran Loan Fund provides loans to small businesses that have 15% or more of the equity of the
business owned by military veterans and their spouses in Tennessee, Kentucky, and Alabama. Loans
shall be made for the purchase of financing equipment, working capital or business acquisitions for
such Veteran-owned small business concern or for any other use of funds allowed by the SBA 7(a)
Community Advantage Pilot Program.
Nashville Small Business Recovery Fund
The Nashville Small Business Recovery Fund (NSBRF) was created as a contribution to the Nashville
Opportunity Fund (NOF) from the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County
through the American Rescue Plan Act. The funds from this contribution are available to small
businesses located within Davidson County with 2021 revenue under $1 million with a special
emphasis on businesses located in North Nashville. The purpose of the fund is to provide one-time
2% interest rate loans to businesses in.Davidson County that were in existence for 2 years as of
September 30, 2019 (updated to September 30, 2020 in 2023) in order to recover from the effects of
the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic. As these funds are repaid, the funds will be available for lending
through the NOF.
-46-


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
LOAN FUND DESCRIPTIONS (CONTINUED)
DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022
Commercial Property Assessed Clean Energy and Resilience Fund
The Commercial Property Assessed Clean Energy and Resilience (C-PACER) loan program was
added to the Corporation’s portfolio of energy-efficiency products in 2023. C-PACER financing is
available for commercial and multifamily projects, including both existing and newly constructed
properties. This program empowers property owners and developers to fund various energy efficiency,
renewable energy, and resiliency enhancements by having voluntary tax assessments (liens) placed on
covered properties by the local government where the project is located. These loans allow term
financing matching a project’s life — typically 20 to 25 years. The lien securing these assessments
remains on the covered property if the building is sold, unless the loan is repaid prior to the sale of the
property.
Loans receivable were funded from the following programs as of December 31:
2023 2022
Nashville Opportunity Fund (NOF) $ 7,964,182 $ 4,219,756
Knox County Technology and Jobs Fund (KCTJF) 3,561,993 2,961,450
Tennessee Rural Opportunity Fund (TNROF) 20,679,794 16,619,208
Tennessee Rural Opportunity Fund (TNROF-RR) 104,178 244,461
SCC Revolving Loan Fund (RLF) 10,768,373 7,005,485
SBA Micro Loan Funds (SBA) 1,559,056 1,143,597
Small Business Job Opportunity Fund (SBJOF) 37,715,137 35,422,532
Small Business Job Opportunity Fund (SBJOF-RRT) 37,783 58,295
Small Business Job Opportunity Fund (SBJOF-RR) 203,600 442,958
Small Business Job Opportunity Fund (SBJOF-RS) 24,878 605135
Chattanooga Small Business Opportunity Fund 1,487,783 1,149,505
Memphis Medical District Investment Fund (MMDIF) 11,045,625 4,357,056
Tennessee Energy Efficiency Fund (TNEEF) 14,523,700 15,058,244
Affordable Multifamily Housing Loan Program (MFIPT) 53,053,511 45,255,210
Appalachian Loan Fund (ARC) - 996,136
Memphis Small Business Opportunity Fund (MSBOF) 7,589,596 7,035,719
Small Business Opportunity Fund Memphis (SBJOF-M-RS) 63,758 93,358
Alabama Small Business Opportunity Fund (ASBOF) 357,903 857,707
Pathway Memphis LLC - Mezzanine Fund 1,039,798 1,174,006
Nashville Small Business Recovery Fund (NSBRF) 6,305,964 1,272,773
Pathway Lending Flex Fund (PLFF) 998,037 433,955
Veteran Loan Fund (VLF) 144,680 110,677
Commercial Property Assessed Clean Energy
Resilience Fund (CPACER) 997,459
180,226,788 145,972,223
Allowance for credit losses (9,137,519) (7,098,402)
$_171,089,269 $ 138,873,821
=47-
ARCHIVE


82 gagal = 3 ss
5 = Sees] a} 8288 g's ''slal eg are
38 Sanaa BERS o a Sy 5 Le ers 3s
a sy gags 8 8 sis] 3 a y SSSS2) 8
“ ol an | Rasagl s
p o = eel Sy
3} Zags] 2] 2 ® ° 7 7
2 gage] € 2:3 & 83 8 ‘S38 § 7 geese
3 8 a28 g 8 &§ sail ai 8 882328 .
£ . 7 Re 3 gS 213 = qf adaaa s
a = al
ary ‘ im
2 2
Ha 3 € 8° BE Se2'ls] 2
as q S Ao ND a g
o al q
mY a
moa *
838 Rage § a2 * 9! gs ‘
gs} gege 3] 22 a8 g S° 38 'lal | os 8g
as i ee gz 4 aig gi
<€2s al ba g :
a a) a
i
; 3888 —T i:
yORg53 & §§ 83 985 § 8
3 sae & FF FF FSs 3 =
rire & $2 32 343 3g 3 z
3 Seen 2 e222 228 28 = 2
6 3o83 8 98 88 ssa 8 iS 3
Be oa S ea ce ees D § }
333s % fe 22 S88 8 3 3
7 55 88 $88 5 Z &
g §
2
: :
43 :
3 5
z S
E } :
a: esc oe Po. |
ae zz 32 222 }
ss3s g ge 23 392 ¢
2 RBER & 88 32 SSa 3
S3es 88 38 se5 § z
g| #8238 8 88 88 585 5 < i
E g ERs B 23 88 Zee 2 z $
a] al & § SS 8s a3 é g $
a 8 8s 22 888 GS &
Bi Sa 88 aa4 g
P aa 88 88a 3
i!
al &
:
Z g
g
: :
33 §
$2 ©
ij 3233 @ 2233 993 i
#3 RAAA H SS Se BSS 8 on =
z SARS g = 5
g
g
* =
i
Fy
Z
3
Fy $
‘ 3 = Py
2 q :
3 io &
rT 7 i
g 33 . 8 i
g & 423 & & <
£ 933 5 g FE
& . > AEE § 2 | 3
E Po; , ¢_,446 § 5
2 g gee 82 g as 5 3
2 ai gee §8 = 4g a3 2 8
= He g33 23 £2 33a g g
3 # 2 ase £3 nt E gee & 3
i ghee 2 4: 33 ag 328 : i
5 93332 & aw aes oe e438 & Fa
1aGGai 3 suid) 249g: ii E
a giia: § POs 2c: diaaed Efe 33 3
a eee ree oe: 3
2 BE38 F Fe < 2 8 con 4 3 5S oy a
g 2222 3 ga: ss 383333543) 33 é
& £2 dé gee >> 8a8 & 28 3 g
m ee 2
é


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
NOTES TO SCHEDULE OF EXPENDITURES OF FEDERAL AWARDS
DECEMBER 31, 2023

NOTE 1 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION
The accompanying Schedule of Expenditures of Federal Awards (the Schedule) includes the federal
award activity of Southeast Community Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries d/b/a Pathway
Lending (the Corporation) under programs of the federal government for the year ended December
31, 2023. The information in this Schedule is presented in accordance with the requirements of
Title 2 Part 200. Because the Schedule presents only a selected portion of the Organization, it is
not intended to and does not present the consolidated financial position, changes in net assets, or
cash flows of the Corporation.

NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Expenditures reported on the Schedule are reported on the accrual basis of accounting. Such
expenditures are recognized following the costs principles contained in the Uniform Guidance,
wherein certain types of expenditures are not allowable or are limited as to reimbursement. The
Corporation has not elected to use the 10% de minimis indirect cost rate allowed under the Uniform
Guidance.

NOTE 3 - SUBRECIPIENTS
The Corporation did not pass any federal grant funds to subrecipients.

-49-


INTERNAL CONTROL AND
COMPLIANCE
ARCHIVE


KraftCPAs
PLLC
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL
OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING AND ON COMPLIANCE AND OTHER MATTERS
BASED ON AN AUDIT OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PERFORMED
IN ACCORDANCE WITH GOVERNMENT AUDITING STANDARDS
Board of Directors
Southeast Community Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries d/b/a Pathway Lending
Nashville, Tennessee
We have audited, in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America
and the standards applicable to financial audits contained in Government Auditing Standards issued by the
Comptroller General of the United States, the consolidated financial statements of Southeast Community
Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries d/b/a Pathway Lending, which comprise the consolidated statement of
financial position as of December 31, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of activities, cash flows
and functional expenses for the year then ended and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements
and have issued our report thereon dated April 10, 2024.
REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
In planning and performing our audit of the consolidated financial statements, we considered Southeast
Community Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries d/b/a Pathway Lending’s internal control over financial
reporting (internal control) as a basis for designing the audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances for the purpose of expressing our opinion on the financial statements, but not for the purpose of
expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of Southeast Community Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries
d/b/a Pathway Lending’s internal control. Accordingly, we do not express an opinion on the effectiveness of
Southeast Community Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries d/b/a Pathway Lending’s internal control.
A deficiency in internal control exists when the design or operation of a control does not allow management
or employees, in the normal course of performing their assigned functions, to prevent, or detect and correct,
misstatements on a timely basis. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in
internal control, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the entity’s financial
statements will not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely basis. A significant deficiency is a
deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control that is less severe than a material weakness,
yet important enough to merit attention by those charged with governance.
Our consideration of internal control was for the limited purpose described in the first paragraph of this
section and was not designed to identify all deficiencies in internal control that might be material weaknesses
or significant deficiencies. Given these limitations, during our audit we did not identify any deficiencies in
internal control that we consider to be material weaknesses. However, material weaknesses or significant
deficiencies may exist that have not been identified.
-50-
KraftCPAs PLLC + Certifled Public Accountants and Consultants
555 Great Circle Road « Nashville, TN 37228 + phone: 615-242-7351 + fax: 615-782-4271 + kraftcpas.com
ARCHIVE


REPORT ON COMPLIANCE AND OTHER MATTERS
As part of obtaining reasonable assurance about whether Southeast Community Capital Corporation and
Subsidiaries d/b/a Pathway Lending’s consolidated financial statements are free from material misstatement,
we performed tests of its compliance with certain provisions of laws, regulations, contracts and grant
agreements, noncompliance with which could have a direct and material effect on the financial statements.
However, providing an opinion on compliance with those provisions was not an objective of our audit, and
accordingly, we do not express such an opinion. The results of our tests disclosed no instances of
noncompliance or other matters that are required to be reported under Government Auditing Standards.
PURPOSE OF THIS REPORT
The purpose of this report is solely to describe the scope of our testing of internal control and compliance and
the results of that testing, and not to provide an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity’s internal control or
on compliance. This report is an integral part of an audit performed in accordance with Government Auditing
Standards in considering the entity’s internal control and compliance. Accordingly, this communication is
not suitable for any other purpose.

FpagtPAs PLLC
Nashville, Tennessee
April 10, 2024

-51-


KraftCPAs
PLLC
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT ON COMPLIANCE FOR EACH MAJOR FEDERAL PROGRAM
AND ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER COMPLIANCE REQUIRED BY THE UNIFORM GUIDANCE
Board of Directors
Southeast Community Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries d/b/a Pathway Lending
Nashville, Tennessee
REPORT ON COMPLIANCE FOR EACH MAJOR FEDERAL PROGRAM
OPINION ON EACH MAJOR FEDERAL PROGRAM
We have audited Southeast Community Capital Corporation and Subsidiaries d/b/a Pathway Lending’s (the
“Corporation”) compliance with the types of compliance requirements identified as subject to audit in the
OMB Compliance Supplement that could have a direct and material effect on each of the Corporation’s major
federal programs for the year ended December 31, 2023. The Corporation’s major federal program is
identified in the summary of auditor’s results section of the accompanying schedule of findings and
questioned costs.
In our opinion, the Corporation complied, in all material respects, with the compliance requirements referred
to above that could have a direct and material effect on each of its major federal programs for the year ended
December 31, 2023.
BASIS FOR OPINION ON EACH MAJOR FEDERAL PROGRAM
We conducted our audit of compliance in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United
States of America (GAAS); the standards applicable to financial audits contained in Government Auditing
Standards issued by the Comptroller General of the United States; and the audit requirements of Title 2 U.S.
Code of Federal Regulations Part 200, Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit
Requirements for Federal Awards (Uniform Guidance). Our responsibilities under those standards and the
Uniform Guidance are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of Compliance section
of our report.
We are required to be independent of the Corporation and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in
accordance with relevant ethical requirements relating to our audit. We believe that the audit evidence we
have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion on compliance for each major
federal program. Our audit does not provide a legal determination of the Corporation’s compliance with the
compliance requirements referred to above.
RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT FOR COMPLIANCE
Management is responsible for compliance with the requirements referred to above and for the design,
implementation, and maintenance of effective internal control over compliance with the requirements of laws,
statutes, regulations, rules and provisions of contracts or grant agreements applicable to the Corporation’s
federal programs.
259
KraftCPAs PLLC + Certified Public Accountants and Consultants
555 Great Circle Road + Nashville, TN 37228 » phone: 615-242-7351 + fax: 615-782-4271 + kraftcpas.com


AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF COMPLIANCE

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether material noncompliance with the compliance
requirements referred to above occurred, whether due to fraud or error, and express an opinion on the
Corporation’s compliance based on our audit. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not
absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
GAAS, Government Auditing Standards, and the Uniform Guidance will always detect material
noncompliance when it exists. The risk of not detecting material noncompliance resulting from fraud is higher
than for that resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Noncompliance with the compliance requirements
referred to above is considered material, if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the
aggregate, it would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user of the report on compliance about the
Corporation’s compliance with the requirements of each major federal program as a whole.

In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, Government Auditing Standards, and the Uniform
Guidance, we:

e exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.

 — identify and assess the risks of material noncompliance, whether due to fraud or error, and design and
perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test
basis, evidence regarding the Corporation’s compliance with the compliance requirements referred to
above and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances.

e obtain an understanding of the Corporation’s internal control over compliance relevant to the audit in
order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances and to test and report on
internal control over compliance in accordance with the Uniform Guidance, but not for the purpose of
expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Corporation’s internal control over compliance.
Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed.

We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the
planned scope and timing of the audit and any significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in internal
control over compliance that we identified during the audit.
REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER COMPLIANCE
A deficiency in internal control over compliance exists when the design or operation of a control over
compliance does not allow management or employees, in the normal course of performing their assigned
functions, to prevent, or detect and correct, noncompliance with a type of compliance requirement of a federal
program on a timely basis. A material weakness in internal control over compliance is a deficiency, or a
combination of deficiencies, in internal control over compliance, such that there is a reasonable possibility
that material noncompliance with a type of compliance requirement of a federal program will not be
prevented, or detected and corrected, on a timely basis. A significant deficiency in internal control over
compliance is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over compliance with a type
of compliance requirement of a federal program that is less severe than a material weakness in internal control
over compliance, yet important enough to merit attention by those charged with governance.

153%

ARCHIVE


Our consideration of internal control over compliance was for the limited purpose described in the Auditor’s
Responsibilities for the Audit of Compliance section above and was not designed to identify all deficiencies
in internal control over compliance that might be material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in internal
control over compliance. Given these limitations, during our audit we did not identify any deficiencies in
internal control over compliance that we consider to be material weaknesses, as defined above. However,
material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in internal control over compliance may exist that were not
identified.
Our audit was not designed for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of internal control
over compliance. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed. 3
The purpose of this report on internal control over compliance is solely to describe the scope of our testing of
internal control over compliance and the results of that testing based on the requirements of the Uniform
Guidance. Accordingly, this report is not suitable for any other purpose.

Fpagie PAs “PLLC
Nashville, Tennessee
April 10, 2024

-54-


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
SCHEDULE OF FINDINGS AND QUESTIONED COSTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023
Section I- Summary of Auditors’ Results
Financial Statements
Type of report the auditor issued on whether the
financial statements audited were prepared in
accordance with GAAP: Unmodified
Internal control over financial reporting:
© Material weakness(es) identified? _____sYess ».4 No
e Significant deficiency(ies) identified? _____—*Yes 4 None reported
Noncompliance material to financial statements
noted? Yes x No
Federal Awards
Internal contro! over major programs:
© Material weakness(es) identified? Yes X___No
e Significant deficiency(ies) identified? ______—Yes X___ None reported
Type of auditor’s report issued on compliance
for major Federal programs: Unmodified
Any audit findings disclosed that are required to
be reported in accordance with Section 2 CFR
200.516(a)? Yes X___ No
Identification of major programs:
ALN Number(s) Name of Federal Program or Cluster
21.033 CDFI ERP Program
Dollar threshold used to distinguish between
type A and type B programs: $750,000
Auditee qualified as low-risk auditee? X___ Yes No
-55-


SOUTHEAST COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARY d/b/a PATHWAY LENDING
SCHEDULE OF FINDINGS AND QUESTIONED COSTS (CONTINUED)

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023
Financial Statement Findings:
There were no current year or prior year findings.
Federal Award Findings and Questioned Costs:

Finding Number | Finding Title Status id
There were no current year or prior year findings.
-56-


ARCHIVE


ATTACHMENT E
/
ay
2k: =s
Draft Escrow Agreement
ARCHIVE


ARCHIVE


AGREEMENT REGARDING ESCROW AND DISBURSEMENTS

This AGREEMENT REGARDING ESCROW AND DISBURSEMENTS, dated as of
the__ day of August, 2024 (the “Escrow Agreement”), is made by and between SOUTHEAST
COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORPORATION, a Tennessee nonprofit corporation (“Sponsor”),
the sole shareholder of PL Autum Lake, Inc., a Tennessee corporation, the sole general partner of
AUTUMN LAKE, L.P., a Tennessee limited partnership (“Owner”) and RENO &
CAVANAUGH, PLLC (“Escrow Agent”).

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, pursuant to a Purchase and Sale Agreement by and between Trent
Development Group, LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company, as Buyer and Scalini, LLC, a
Tennessee limited liability company (“Seller”), as Seller, dated as of March 1, 2024, and assigned
to Owner via that certain Assignment and Assumption of Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as
of August 19, 2024 (as amended, the “Purchase Agreement”), Owner has contracted to purchase
certain real property located at 2920 Hamilton Church Road, Antioch, Davidson County,
Tennessee 37013 (the “Project”) for purposes of developing an affordable multifamily housing
apartment complex; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to a Grant Contract between The Metropolitan Government of
Nashville and Davidson County, Tennessee by and through The Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund
Commission (“Metro”) and Southeast Community Capital Corporation, a Tennessee nonprofit
corporation dated as of August —_» 2024 (the “Grant Contract”), Sponsor has received a
$2,000,000 grant (the “Grant”) to facilitate the development of the Project; and

WHEREAS, provided the applicable closing conditions of Sponsor and Seller are
satisfied, Escrow Agent will be authorized and agrees to release and deliver the funds, documents
and instruments described below upon receipt of notice from Sponsor pursuant to the terms hereof
and Seller pursuant to separate escrow instructions, if any, provided by Sponsor, as applicable (any
such instructions, the “Third Party Instructions”),

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises herein and other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties
hereto hereby mutually covenant and agree as follows:

1. Definitions. Each and every of the definitions set forth in the foregoing
“{ntroduction” and “whereas clauses” are hereby incorporated into this Escrow Agreement by
reference.

2; Appointment of Escrow Agent. The parties hereto hereby appoint Escrow Agent
as escrow agent to act under and in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Escrow
Agreement and Escrow Agent hereby accepts such appointment, subject to the terms and
conditions hereof. Escrow Agent has also been engaged by Owner to serve as counsel in the
transactions outlined herein; this Escrow Agreement is intended to formalize the closing process
and satisfy requirements of Metro, which will be relying on this Escrow Agreement in releasing

1
4855-7699-7081, v. 2 ARCHIVE


the Grant proceeds to Sponsor for use in facilitating Owner’s acquisition of the real property and
development of the Project.
33 Deposit into Escrow and Related Matters.

(a) Documents. Onor before 5:00 p.m. Nashville, Tennessee time on the date
hereof, full PDF copies and the execution counterparts of the following original documents
(unless otherwise agreed to) shall be delivered to Escrow Agent (such documents, together
with the monies described in Section 3(b) hereof, being sometimes referred to herein as the
“Escrow Items”):

(i) Execution counterparts of the documents listed on Schedule I hereto

(collectively, the “Transaction Documents”);

Gi) (A) those documents the parties require Escrow Agent to record in
the Official Records for Davidson County, State of Tennessee or file with the
Secretary of State of Tennessee, as applicable, which documents are listed on
Schedule II hereto (collectively, the “Recordable Documents”), and (B) and any
and all other documents necessary for the issuance of the Title Policy (as defined
below) in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement (together with the
Transaction Documents and the Recordable Documents, the “Documents”).

(b) On or before 11:00 a.m. Nashville, Tennessee time on the Closing Date,

Owner shall deposit or cause to be deposited with Escrow Agent (according to the wire

instructions set forth on Schedule Il attached hereto (the “Escrow Agent Wire

Instructions”), proceeds from the Grant no to exceed the amount of $1,450,000 to be used

in funding the acquisition of the real property referenced in the Purchase Agreement, to be

deposited with the Escrow Agent pursuant to the Escrow Agent Wire Instructions.

4. Delivery of Policy. Escrow Agent hereby agrees, as agent for Old Republic
National Title Insurance Company, to issue in favor of Owner upon satisfaction of the conditions
precedent in Section 5 hereof, an owner’s policy of title insurance (the “Title Policy”) in the form
and substance of the proforma policy and endorsements attached at Schedule IV hereto (the
“Proforma Policy”).

§: Closing Conditions. The parties hereto hereby agree that.the following conditions
(collectively, the “Closing Conditions”) must be satisfied prior to Sponsor, Owner, and Escrow
Agent completing the Closing:

(i) Receipt by Escrow Agent of the Documents and the amounts
required to be wired pursuant to Section 3(b) (the “Funds”);

(ii) Escrow Agent shall have provided confirmation to all parties hereto,
on or before 2:00 p.m., central time, on the Closing Date, that its requirements for
issuance of the Title Policy in the form of the Proforma Policy upon recordation of
the Recordable Documents have been met and that upon satisfaction of the Closing
Duties set forth in Section 7, it is ready to record and file the respective Recordable

2
4855-7699-7081, v. 2


Documents, disburse funds in accordance with the Settlement Statement attached
hereto as Schedule V, and close; and
ii) On or before 2:00 p.m., central time, on the Closing Date, Sponsor,

Owner, and Seller (or Seller’s counsel), shall have provided oral or email

confirmation to the other parties that they are ready to close (including

authorization to close pursuant to any Third Party Instructions).

6. Termination of Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, all
parties hereto agree that the Closing Conditions must be satisfied no later than 5:00 p.m., central
time on August 23, 2024 (the “Escrow Termination Date”), or else this Agreement shall terminate
and Escrow Agent shall return all Escrow Items, except to the extent authorized in writing by the
parties and any Third Party Instructions to extend the Escrow Termination Date and retain the
Documents and Funds for an extended time.

ie Closing Duties of Escrow Agent and other Parties. The parties hereto hereby
agree that:

(a) Upon satisfaction of the Closing Conditions, the following documents
and/or funds shall be released, delivered and/or disbursed in accordance with the following
procedure:

(9) Escrow Agent shall proceed to (A) complete any blank dates in the
Recordable Documents, (B) properly complete or cause to be
completed, prior to filing or recording by the applicable filing or
recording office, as applicable, the blanks in each of the Recordable
Documents, and (C) properly file and record the Recordable
Documents in the official records of Davidson County, Tennessee
and with the Tennessee Secretary of State, as applicable, in the order
set forth on Schedule II; and

(ii) | Escrow Agent shall pay the closing costs, disbursements and other
expenses set forth on the Settlement Statement attached hereto as
Schedule V.

(b) Promptly following the completion of the procedure set forth in Section
7(a), (i) Escrow Agent shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the other parties hereto
fully executed copies of the Documents, and (ii) Escrow Agent, upon receipt from the
recording office of confirmation of recording of the applicable Recordable Documents in
the official records of Davidson County, Tennessee, shall notify the other parties hereto
that such Recordable Documents have been recorded and provide copies of the recorded

Recordable Documents to the parties.
8. Satisfaction and Termination.

(a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Escrow Agreement to the contrary,
satisfaction of the Closing Conditions set forth in Section 5 hereof must occur prior to the
Escrow Termination Date, unless extended pursuant to the provisions of Section 5(iii).

3
4855-7699-7081, v. 2 ARC H IVE


(b) If the Closing Conditions set forth in Section 5 hereof do not occur priorto  ~
the Escrow Termination Date (unless extended pursuant to Section S(iii)), then the Escrow
Agent shall immediately return the Escrow Items to the parties from which they were
received.

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Escrow Agreement shall terminate
upon the release, delivery and/or disbursement by the appropriate parties of all documents
and/or funds held by them in accordance with the provisions hereof.

9. Amendments. This Escrow Agreement may not be amended or modified in any
respect whatsoever except by an instrument in writing signed by all of the parties hereto.

10. Counterparts; Facsimile Execution. This Escrow Agreement may be
simultaneously executed in several counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and the same
instrument and each of which shall be, and shall be deemed to be, an original. A manual signature
of this Escrow Agreement which is transmitted in the form of a facsimile or sent via the Internet
as a pdf (portable document format) or other replicating image attached to an email message shall
constitute an original signature for all purposes.

11. No Third-Party Beneficiary. Other than Metro pursuant to the provisions of
Section 2 above, there shall be no beneficiary of any rights, duties and obligations hereunder other
than the parties hereto.

12. Further Assurances. The parties hereto hereby agree to execute and deliver, or
cause to be executed and delivered, all such other documents, agreements and instruments as may
reasonably be requested by any other party to further evidence the terms and provisions, and more
fully carry out the purposes and intents, of this Agreement.

13. Release and Indemnification of Escrow Agent. The parties hereto hereby release
the Escrow Agent from and, in addition, Sponsor and Owner agree to defend and hold the Escrow
Agent harmless from and against, any and all claims, suits, costs, expenses, liabilities, damages or
losses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses through all
investigations and proceedings) (collectively, the “Liabilities and Costs”) arising hereunder or in
connection herewith (except for Liabilities and Costs occasioned by the Escrow Agent’s gross
negligence or willful misconduct, as applicable). Sponsor and Owner hereby agree to reimburse
the Escrow Agent and its directors, officers, employees, agents and attorneys for any Liabilities
and Costs incurred by any of them arising hereunder or in connection herewith, except for such
Liabilities and Costs occasioned by their gross negligence or willful misconduct. Escrow Agent
is serving as counsel to Owner in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and,
accordingly, the provisions of this Section 13 apply only to the performance by Escrow Agent of
its responsibilities pursuant to this Escrow Agreement.

14. Commingling of Funds. The parties hereto hereby agree that any and all moneys
deposited and/or held under this Escrow Agreement shal! be held by the Escrow Agent in its
Terinessee IOLTA account.

15. Disputes. If there are any disputes as to whether Escrow Agent is obligated to
deliver any of the moneys or documents delivered to it pursuant hereto, Escrow Agent shall not be
4

4855-7699-7081, v. 2 AR Cc HIVE


obligated to make any delivery, but in such event, may hold the same until receipt by Escrow
Agent of an authorization in writing signed by all the parties having an interest in such dispute,
directing the disposition of same. If such written authorization is not given, or if proceedings for
such determination are not commenced and diligently continued, Escrow Agent may, but is not
required to, bring an appropriate proceeding for leave to deposit said moneys and/or documents in
the registry of a court having jurisdiction in the State of Tennessee pending such determination.
Escrow Agent shall be reimbursed by Sponsor and Owner for all costs and expenses incurred in
connection with any such action or proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’

fees and disbursements through all investigations and proceedings. In the event Escrow Agent
places the moneys and/or documents it holds in the registry of a court pursuant to this Section 15

and files an action of interpleader naming the parties having an interest in such dispute, Escrow

Agent shall be released and relieved from any and all further obligation and liability hereunder or
in connection herewith.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]
4855-7699-7081, v. 2 . ARCHIVE


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Escrow Agreement as
of the date set forth above.
OWNER:
AUTUMN LAKE, L.P.
By: PL AUTUMN LAKE, INC., a Tennessee
corporation
Its: General Partner
ia JL.
By: ( Ve in [Z cx 7
Name: Clint Gwin
Title: President
ESCROW AGENT:
RENO & CAVANAUGH, PLLC
By: 2
Name:
Its: a
ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED:
Southeast Community Capital Corporation
a) A {
By: ( é wl“ Vee
Name: Clint Gwin
Title: Executive Director
1
4855-7699-7081, v. 2
ARCHIVE


SCHEDULE I
TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS
[TO BE ATTACHED]
ARCHIVE


SCHEDULE II
RECORDABLE DOCUMENTS
RECORDING ORDER
(All to be filed in the official real estate records for Davidson County, Tennessee unless otherwise
indicated below)
[TO BE ATTACHED]
4855-7699-7081, v. 2
ARCHIVE


SCHEDULE In
ESCROW AGENT WIRE INSTRUCTIONS
[TO BE ATTACHED]
E
4855-7699-7081, y, 2 ARCHIV


SCHEDULE IV
PROFORMA POLICY
[TO BE ATTACHED]
4855-7699-7081 \vV.2
ARCHIVE


SCHEDULE V
SETTLEMENT STATEMENT
[TO BE ATTACHED]
oe ARCHIVE


ARCHIVE
