BLIGHTED PROPERTY GRANT CONTRACT
BETWEEN THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
AND
CREMA, Coffee Roasters, LLC
This Blighted Property Grant Contract issued and entered into pursuant to Metropolitan Code of Laws
Section 2.212.030 et. seq, and BL2013-431 by and between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville
and Davidson County ("Metro") and CREMA, Coffee Roasters LLC (the "Recipient") for the purpose of
stabilizing the value of the neighborhood and increasing the value of the facilities being constructed or
rehabilitated on 226 Duke St.
A. 
. SCOPE-OF PR0GRAM:
A.1. 
The Recipient shall use the grant funds to reimburse expenditures made improving the exterior
portions of the commercial property located at 226 Duke St (the "Project). The grant app ica ion
submitted by the Recipient and any of its amendments is attached hereto and made a part
thereof.
A.2. 
The grant funds shall not exceed fifty percent (50%) or fifty thousand dollars ($50,000), whichever
is less, of the documented investment of Recipient in the Project. The Recipient s investment in
the Project shall exceed ten thousand dollars ($10,000).
A3 
At the time the grant application is made,'^the value of the real property on which the Project is
located shall not exceed one million dollars ($1,000,000) according to the records of the Davidson
County Property Tax Assessor.
B. 
GRANT CONTRACT TERM:
B/l. 
Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant shall commence on 10/11/2018 and end on June 30,
2019. Metro shall have no obligation for services rendered by the Recipient which are not
performed within this term.
C. 
PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
C.1. 
Maximum Liabilitv. In no event shall the maximum liability of Metro under this Blighted Property
Grant Contract exceed fifty thousand dollars ($50,000). This amount shall constitute the
maximum Grant Amount available to the Recipient by Metro. The maximum liability of Metro is
not subject to escalation for any reason. Metro's maximum liability is subject to the appropriation
of funds by the Metropolitan Council.
C.2. 
Payment Methodology. The Recipient shall be compensated for actual costs as evidenced by
• expenditure receipts,"not to-exceed the maximum liability established in Section C.I.
All invoices shall be sent to the Director of the Mayor's Office of Economic and Community
Development. Said payment shall not exceed the maximum liability of this Blighted Property
Grant Contract.
Final invoices for the contract period should be received by Metro Payment Services by July 15, 2019.
- Any invoice-not received by the deadline date will not be processed and all remaining grant funds
will expire.
Q 3 
Annual Expenditure Report. The Recipient shall submit a final grant Annual Expenditure Report
within 45 days of the end of the Blighted Property Grant Contract. Said report shall be in form
ARCHIVE


and substance acceptable to Metro and shall be prepared by a Certified Public Accounting Firm
or the Chief Financial Officer of the Recipient.
C.4. Payment of Invoice. The payment of any invoice by Metro shall not prejudice Metro s "Qht to
object to the invoice or any matter in relation thereto. Such payment by Metro shall nei her be
' 
construed "as'^aceeptance-of any paitof'the'work or service pfovided--nGr as an <approva
the costs included therein.
C.5. 
Unallowable Costs. The Recipient's invoice shall be subject to reduction for
any invoice or payment theretofore made which are determined by Metro, 
f
or monitoring conducted in accordance with the terms of this Blighted Property
constitute unallowable costs.
C.6. 
Clawback. Payments made to Recipient shall be subject to clawback for
invoice or payment theretofore made which, after review of the Annual Expe 
p
determines are not consistent with the terms of this grant contract or Metropolitan Code of La
Section 2.212.030.
D. 
STANDARD TERMS ANO CONDITIONS:
D.I. 
RAfiiiirfifl Annrovals. Metro is not bound by this Blighted Property Grant Contract until it is
approved by the appropriate Metro representatives as indicated on the signature page.
D.2. 
MnHifir:.tinn ;.nri Amendment. This Blighted Property Grant Contract may be modified only by a
written amendment that has been approved in accordance with all Metro procedures.
D 3 
Tprminatinn for Cause. Should the Recipient fail to properly perform its obligations under this
Blighted Property Grant Contract or if the Recipient violates any terms of tois Blighted Property
Grant Coritfact: Metro shall have the right to immediately terminate the'Blighted Property Grant
Contract and the Recipient shall not be entitled to any grant funds not actually received as of the
termination date. The Recipient shall also return to Metro any and all funds expended for
purposes contrary to the terms of the Blighted Property Grant Contract. Such termination shall
not relieve the Recipient of any liability to Metro for damages sustained by-virtue of any breach by
the Recipient.
Q 4 
rinnfiirts of Interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount shall be paid
directly or indirectly to an employee or official of Metro as wages, compensation, or gifts in
exchange for acting as an officer, agent, employee, subcontractor, or consultant.to the Recipient
in connection with any work contemplated or performed relative to this Blighted Property Grant
Contract.
D 5 
Nnndl.c;r.rimination. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person shali be
excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjecteti to discrimination
in the performance of this Grant Contract or in the employment practices of the Recipient on the
grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion, sex. national origin, or any other classification
which is in violation of applicable laws. The Recipient shall, upon request, show proof of such
nondiscrimination and shall post in conspicuous places, available to all employees and
applicants, notices of nondiscrimination.
"d fi Records. The Recipient shall maintain documentation for all chargesTo'Metro under'this Blighted
Property Grant Contract. The books, records, and documents of the Recipient, insofar as they
relate to work performed or money received under this Blighted Property Grant Contract, shall be
maintained for a period of three (3) full years from the date of the final payment or until the
Recipient engages a licensed independent public accountant to perform an audit of its activities.
The books, records, and documents of the Recipient insofar as they relate to work performed or
0
ARCHIVE


money received under this Grant Contract shall be subject to audit at any reasonable time and
upon reasonable notice by Metro or its duly appointed representatives. Records and financial
, statements shall be maintained and prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles.
D.7. • »■ Mortitoiina." fhe 'Reelpjent's activities teonducted and Yecords'maintained pursuant to this Blighted
Property Grant Contract shall be subject to monitoring and evaluation by The Metropolitan Office
of Financial Accountability or Metro's duly appointed representatives. The Recipient shall make
all audit, accounting, or financial records, notes, and other documents pertinent to this grant 
^
available for review by the Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability, Internal Audit or Metro s
representatives, upon request, during normal working hours.
D.8. - Strict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist in any one or more cases upon the strict
performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement shal no
be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of any such term, covenant, condition, or provision.
No term or condition of this Blighted Property Grant Contract shall be held to be waived, modified,
or deleted except by a written amendment by the appropriate parties as indicated on the
signature page of this Blighted Property Grant Contract.
D.9. 
Insurance. The Recipient agrees to carry adequate public liability and other appropriate forms of
insurance, and to pay all applicable taxes incident to this Blighted Property Grant Contract..
Q/lO • Metro'triabilitv. Metro shall have no liability except as specifically provided in this Blighted
Property Grant Contract.
D. 11. Independent Contractor. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to create a
partnership or joint venture between the Recipient and Metro or to create the relationship of
principal and agent between or among the Recipient and Metro. The Recipient shall not hold
itself out in a manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph. Metro shall not become liable for
any representation, act, or omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph.
D. 12. Indemnification and Hold Harmless. 
. 
, 
.
(a) Recipient Shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Metro, its officers, agents and employees from
any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees for injuries or damages arising, in part or
in whole, from the negligent or intentional acts or omissions of Recipient, its officers, employees
and/or agents including its sub or independent contractors, in connection With the performance of
the contract, and any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees arising from any failure
of Recipient its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or independent contractors,
to observe applicable laws, including, but not limited to, labor laws and minimum wage laws.
(b1 Metro will not indemnify, defend or hold harmless in any fashion the Recipient from any claims,
regardless of any language in any attachment or other document that the Recipient may provide.
(c) Recipient shall pay Metro any expenses incurred as a result of Recipient s failure to fulfill any
obligation in a professional and timely manner under this Blighted Property Grant Contract.
(d) Recipient's duties under this section shall survive the termination or expiration of the Blighted
Property Grant Contract.
n
 Fnrri? Maieure The obligations of the parties to this Blighted Property Grant Contract are subject
to prevention by causes beyond the parties' control that could not be avoided by the exercise of
due care including, but not limited to. acts of God, riots, wars, strikes, epidemics or any other
similar cause.
ARCHIVE


State, Local and Federal Compliancf! The Recipient agrees to comply with all applicable federal,
state and local laws and regulations in the performance of this Blighted Property Grant Contract.
.Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction and effect of this Blighted Property Grant
Con.tract.and.any,,aHd.>alliextensions and/or modrfications'theretjf'stiaif'be'gdverhed by and
construed in accordance with the iaws of the State of Tennessee, The venue for legal action
concerning this Blighted Property Grant Contract shali be in the courts of Davidson County,
Tennessee.
.Completeness. This Blighted Property Grant Contract is complete and contains the entire
understanding between the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein, including all
the terms^nd conditions of the parties' agreement.-"*This Blighted Property Grant Contract
supersedes any and all prior understandings, representations, negotiations, and agreements
between the parties relating hereto, whether written or oral.
0.17. Headings. Section headings are for reference purposes only and shall not be construed as part
of this Blighted Property Grant Contract.
G-18. Assignment—Consent Reauired. The provisions of this contract shall inure to the benefit of and
shall be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Except for
the rights of money due to Recipient under this contract, neither this contract nor any of the rights
and .obligations of-Recipient hereunder shall be assigned or transfefred in whole or in part without
the prior written consent of Metro. Any such assignment or transfer shall not release Recipient
from its obligations hereunder. Notice of assignment of any rights to money due to Recipient
under this Contract must be sent to the attention of the Metro Department of Finance.
D.I9. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or
agree to give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to
solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a gratuity or an offer of
employment in connection with any decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation,
preparations of any part of a program requirement or a purchase request, influencing the content
^ oTany..sp.ecification.or.procurement standard, rendering of advice, investiSation, auditing or in any
other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim
or controversy in any proceeding "or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or
controversy or other particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or
subcontract or to any solicitation or proposal therefore. It shall be a breach of ethical standards
for any payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor
under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or a person associated
therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach of the provisions of
this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of ethical standards which may
result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or suspension from participation in
Metropolitan ..Government contracts.
D.20. Communications and Contacts. All Instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other
communications from the Recipient required or contemplated by this Blighted Property Grant
Contract shall be in writing and shall be made by facsimile transmission, or by first class mail,
addressed to the respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or address as set forth'
below or to such other party, facsimile number, or address as may be hereafter specified by
written notice.
Metro:
Mayor's Office of Economic
and Community Development
Director
ARCHIVE


PO Box 196300
Nashville, TN 37219-6300
(615) 862-6021 phone, (615) 862-6025 fax
Copy to;
Department of Law
Director
PO 00x196300
Nashville, TN 37219-6300
(615) 862-6341 phone, (615) 862-6353 fax
Recipient:
Name
Title
Company Name
Address
Address
Telephone/Fax
Effective-Bate: This-contract'ShaH'not-be-binding upon the parties until it has been signed first by
the Recipient and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government and has been
filed in the office of theJi^opolitanTS^k. When it has been so signed and filed, this contract shall be
effective as of 
•
THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF 
RECIPIENT:
NASHVILLE'AND DAVIDSON COUNTY;
^4-
Director of Mayor's Office of Economic and
Community Development
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF
FUNDS:
Director of Finance 
^
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY
Sworn to and subscribed to before me a Notary .
Public, thislf)^^av
ofCjOrao^ 
20^3
Notary Public
My Commission expires KjH . i IMlA -
mm
TENNESSEE
NOTARY
PUBLIC
Assistant Metropolitan Attorney
CommtUHm Expttes Nov. 8,2021
ARCHIVE


Metropolitan Clerk 
DEC - 7 2018
ARCHIVE


Fom, W-9
(Rev. December 2014)
Depar&nent of ttie Tre^ury
Intern^ Revenue Service
Request for Taxpayer
Identification Number and Certification
Give Form to the
requester. Do not
send to the IRS.
1 Nama (as shown on yoor tncoma tax return). Name is required on this tine; do not teave this iine bi^k.
Ben Lehman
OJ
o
a
C
o
S CH
® I
II
0- o
s
56
m
2 Business name/disregarded entity name, 
it dltt«ent frwn above
CREMA, Coffee Roasters. LLC
3 Check {yjjxopriate box for federal tax classification; ^eck oniy on© of the following seven boxes:
I
 1 Indiyidu^sole proprietor or 
Q C Corporation Q 
S Corporation O Partnership 
Q 
Trust/estate
Single-member LLC
Q 
Limited liability company. Enter the tax classification (C=C corporation, S^S corporation. Pspartn^ship) ► ^ 
P
Note. For a single-member LLC that is disregarded, do not check LLC; check fte afi^opriate box in the line above for
the tax classification of the singleHmember ovmer.
D Other (see-^instructtonsy»
4 Exemptions (cod^ apply 
to
certain entities, not individuals; see
^tmctioos on page 3):
Ex«npt payee code fif any)
Exemption frcm FATCA report^g
code (if any)
to «ccotff»£s frasfisened owsaie ffw U.Sj
5 Address (number, street, and apt or suite no.)
15 Hermitage Ave.
6 City, statei and ZIP coda
Nashville, TN 37215
Requestw's naihB and address (optionaO
7 List account numbar(s) here (optional)
Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN)
Enter your TIN In the appropriate box. The TIN provided must match the name given on line 1 to avoid
backup withholding. For individuals, this is generally your social security number (SSN). However, for a
resident alien, sole proprietor, or disregarded entity, see the Part I instructions on page 3. Fpr other
entities, it is your employer identification number (EIN). If you do not have a number, see How to get a
TIN on page 3.
Note. If the account is in more than one name, see the instructions for line 1 and the chart on page 4 for
guidelines on whose number to enter.
Social security number
Employer identmcation number
8
2
-
4
2
0
5
9
7
9
Certification
Under penalties of perjury, I certify tfiat:
1. The number shown on this form is my correct taxpayer identificatiori number (or I am waiting for a number to be issued to me); and
2. I am not subject to backup withholding because: (a) I am exempt from backup withholding, or (b) I have not been 
by the 
Revwue
Service (IRS) that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends, or (c) the IRS has nottfied me that I am
no longer subject to backup withholding; and
3. lamaU.S. citizen or other-U.S. person (defined below): and
4. The FATCA code(s) entered on this form fif any) indicating that I am exempt from FATCA reporting is correct.
Certification instructions. You must cross cut item 2 above If you have been notified by the IRS that you are currently subject to backup withholding
because you have failed to report all interest and dividends on your tax return. For real estate transactions, item 2 does not apply. For mortgage
interest oaid acouisition or abandonment of secured property, cancellation of debt, contributions to an individual retirement arrangement (IRA), and
generally, payments other than interest and dividends, you are not required to sign the certification, but you must provide your correct TIN. See the
instructions on page 3.
Sign
Here
Signature of
U.S. person ►"
Dats^
/&
General Instructions
Section references are to the Internal Revenue Code unless otherwise noted.
Future developments. Information about developments affecting Form W-9 (such
as legislation enacted after we release it) is at www.irs.gov/)W9.
Purpose of Form
An individual or entity (Form W-9 requester) who is f^iuired to file an inform^c^
return with the IRS must obtain your correct taxpayer identification numbw (TIN)
which may be your social security numtier (SSN). individual taxpayer identification
number (ITIN), adoption taxpayer identification numtier (ATIN)^r employer
Identffication number (EIN), to report on an Information return the am^nt P^ 'o
you, or other amount reportable on an information return. Examples of information
returns Include, but are not lirnited to, tfie following:
• Form 1099-INT (interest earned or paid)
• Form 1099-OIV (dividends, including those from stocks or mutual funds)
• Form 1099-MISC (variais types of income, prizes, awards, or gross proceeds)
• Form 1099-B (stock or mutual fund sales and certain other vansactions by
brokers)
• Form 1099-S (proceeds from real estate transactions)
• Form 1099-K (merchant card and third party network transactions)
. 
Form 1098 (home mortgage interest), 1Q98-E (student loan interest), 1098-T
(tuition)
• Form 1099-C (canceled debt)
• Form t099-A (acquisition or abandonment of secured property)
Use Form W-9 only if you are a U.S. person (Including a resident alien), to
provide your correct TIN.
If you do not return Form W-9 to the requester with a TIN, you might he subject
to bixkup withholding. See What is tiackup withholding? on page 2.
By signing the filled-out form, you:
1. Cerfity that the TIN you are giving is correct (or you are waiting for a number
to be issued),
2. Certify that you are not sut^ect to backup wiltiholding, or
3. Claim exemption from backup withholding if you are a U.S. exempt payee. If
applicable, you are also certifying that as a U.S. person, ycajr allocable share of
any partnership income from a U.S: trade or business is not subject to the
withholding tax on foreign partners' share of eftectively connected income, and
4. Certify that FATCA codefs) entered on this form (it any) indicating that you are
exempt from the FATCA reporting, is correct. See What is FATCA mporting? on
page 2 for further mformation.
Cat. No. 10231X
Form W-9 (Rev. 12-2014)
ARCHIVE


METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF
NASHVILLE & DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE
SHORT VENDOR APPLICATION
MAIL THIS APPUCATtON TO: METRO GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE & DAVIDSON COUNTY
DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE/DIVISION OF ACCOUNTS
700 2niiAvenue Soalh Suite 310
PO Box 196300
NASHWLLE, TENNESSEE 37213-6300
FAX TO; (616} 880-1727
1) TRANSACTION TYPE 
'
PLEASE CIRCLE TYPE OF TRANSACTION: 
REFUND 
EMPLOYEE 
LEGAL CLAIM ' 
GRANT
NCAC PARTICIPANTS MNPS PARENT PENSIONER 
EX-EMPLOYEE 
DEBT SERVICE 
DUES/REGISTRATION
NCAC SUPPORT SERVICES 
SOCIAL SERVICES ADOPTION ATTORNEY 
PAYROLL/PENSION UABIUTY 
EASEMENT
MNPS DEATH BENEFIT 
PENSIONER 
MNPS STIPEND 
Sub-Ledgpf Uso Only
IF TRANSACTION IS NOT LISTED ABOVE, DO NOT USE THIS FORM. CONTACT lsupplten§nashvllle.gov FOR VENDOR REGISTRATION.
2) ADDRESS INFORMATION
PLEASE TYPE OR PRINT
'■('/\£idKss'wher9 comspondence etc amio'be maSe(^
NAME
ADDRESS •23a> Ci3 c»
r.iTY
STATE "fAl 
ZIP CODE
PHONE OS - 
. 2<?02. 
FAX 
.
COUNTY
Employea Number If applicable .
Vendor Number Assigned (lorMeUo use only)^
3) TAX INFORMATION*
legal name ON TAX RETURN FOR IRS CRevvyA.Co-ff^
TYPE OF TAXPAYER (Select one code and fill in ID # Information) 
^ 
L-nk. l>jpx 
f
~
 ^ 
ferY
—
C - Corporation (except Medical/Legal) 
Federal Tax Id # .
I
 I 
N_.partnership or Medical/Legai Corporation Federal Tax Id #
I—I 
p . 
Individual or Sole Proprietor 
Social Security # .
• Tax Informallon Is requested for IRS reporUng purposes. The failure lo provide such lnfonna«on may result In a $50 penalty. *
4) SIGNATURE
APPLICANTS SIGNATURCr
DATE:
DEPARTMENT:
i,K.
'u.- BC-P 
_ Conlact Name:: ,
bale.
ARCHIVE
