Docusign Envelope ID: 0625F0ED-2B1C-4AB1-B013-13737646A4CE
X
A-47773
APPROVED
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 0625F0ED-2B1C-4AB1-B013-13737646A4CE
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 0625F0ED-2B1C-4AB1-B013-13737646A4CE
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 0625F0ED-2B1C-4AB1-B013-13737646A4CE
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 0625F0ED-2B1C-4AB1-B013-13737646A4CE
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 0625F0ED-2B1C-4AB1-B013-13737646A4CE
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 0625F0ED-2B1C-4AB1-B013-13737646A4CE
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 0625F0ED-2B1C-4AB1-B013-13737646A4CE
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 0625F0ED-2B1C-4AB1-B013-13737646A4CE
ARCHIVE


1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Grow Local Commissary Member Handbook 
 
 
Overview 
The Grow Local Commissary (GLC) is a brand new, rentable shared kitchen space built to help support 
farmers, bakers, food artisans and more in crafting value added products that, in turn, strengthen the 
local supply chain and provide diversified revenue streams for those small, local businesses. Overlooking 
the outdoor market Farm Sheds on the south side of the indoor Market House building, our commissary 
kitchen offers a space to make the products you can then sell at the Nashville Farmers’ Market. With 
state-of-the-art commercial equipment and ample prep space, the GLC can help turn your food business 
dreams into reality. 
 
 
 
Table of Contents: 
Application, Approval and Rates…. 2 
Equipment, Staff & Services ……….. 3 
Before Your First Shift ……………... 4-5 
During Your Shift ….……….………... 5-8 
After Your Shift …………………….…. 8-9 
Closing Checklist ……………………….. 10 
Appendix …………………………………… 11 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 0625F0ED-2B1C-4AB1-B013-13737646A4CE
ARCHIVE


2 
 
Application & Approval 
 
How to Apply: To join our community of commissary members, complete the following steps: 
1. Read 2024 Grow Local Commissary Member Handbook in full before applying. 
2. Go to the GLC Application online, fill out all fields and submit. 
3. Create a “food business” account or login to your existing account on TheFoodCorridor.com. For 
more information on how Food Corridor works, please watch this brief user tutorial. 
4. Fill in your business info and select “Grow Local at Nashville Farmers’ Market” as your kitchen. 
5. Submit current copies of required documents via the Food Corridor: 
o Business License (Metro Nashville County Clerk’s Office, $15) 
o Sales & Use Tax Certificate (TN Dept. of Revenue, free) 
o Proof of Liability Insurance Certificate (minimum $1 million coverage with the following 
added as an additionally insured certificate holder: 
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County 
Metro Courthouse, Suite 108 
Nashville, TN 37201 
o ServSafe Certificate or Metro Nashville Health Dept. Food Safety Training Certificate 
o List of Allergens 
6. Select payment method via the Food Corridor (credit/debit or ACH). 
7. Schedule onboarding meeting with the Program Manager and pay your onboarding fee. 
 
Approval: The purpose of the Grow Local Commissary is to help developing food businesses prepare, 
produce and manufacture their products by offering a fully-equipped commissary kitchen filled with the 
tools they need to make their goods to scale with low-cost overhead fees. In order to showcase the 
work happening in the GLC, NFM management will prioritize applications of businesses that currently 
sell or plan to sell using one of NFM’s many retail options.  
Applicants may be asked to provide additional information, documentation or samples before 
approval. Approval is done at the sole discretion of NFM management, taking in consideration factors 
including: anticipated schedule, product line (including use of allergens), equipment needed, shift 
readiness, and history of policy adherence/account status (for returning members). 
 
Rates  
Hourly Rental Rate for 1 Station (4-hour min.) 
$25/hour 
Onboarding Fee (One-Time) 
$100 
Market House Event Rental of GLC 
$150/hour 
Dry Storage Rental (Per Shelf) 
$25/month 
Cold Storage Rental (Per Shelf) 
$25/month 
Freezer Storage Rental (Per Shelf) 
$25/month 
Equipment/Property Damage Fee 
$100/occurrence (minimum) 
Insufficient Cleaning Fee (See Cleaning Checklist) 
$100/occurrence 
Policy Violation Fee 
$50/occurrence 
Specialty Equipment Reservation Fee 
Blast Chiller ($10/hr), Combi Oven ($10/hr), 
Vacuum Sealer ($5/hr), Label Printer ($5/hr), 
Dough Sheeter ($5/hr) 
Docusign Envelope ID: 0625F0ED-2B1C-4AB1-B013-13737646A4CE
ARCHIVE


3 
 
Staff, Services & Equipment 
 
NFM Management: NFM management is responsible for administering and enforcing all Market rules, 
policies and procedures, as well as ensuring public safety, scheduling commissary use, approving 
commissary members, hosting demonstrations/workshops and managing market events and festivals. 
NFM management is instructed to handle and resolve any issues that may arise, and all NFM staff 
members have authority to resolve issues in a civil and efficient manner. 
• 
Heather Hoch, Program Manager: heather.hoch@nashville.gov, (615) 922-8881 
• 
Darrell Lane, Executive Director: darrell.lane@nashville.gov  
• 
Charles Kizer, Facilities Manager: charles.kizer@nashville.gov  
• 
David Griffin, Finance Manager: david.griffin@nashville.gov  
• 
Courtney Cotton, Marketing Manager: courtney.cotton@nashville.gov  
• 
Yolanda Manning, Farmers’ Market Manager: yolanda.manning@nashville.gov  
• 
David Hornbeck, Facilities Coordinator: david.hornbeck@nashville.gov 
 
Security: Security personnel are on-site for the overall safety and security of NFM. While the GLC will 
be open 24/7, only authorized persons will be permitted to enter after regular business hours, which are 
daily between the hours of 8PM and 8AM. Call 9-1-1 if there is a medical emergency. If you need to 
report a safety or security concern, please contact a member of the security team immediately. 
Security Number: (615) 710-3578 
Although NFM has on-site security 24/7, securing individual property, including merchandise, is the sole 
responsibility of each commissary member. If you believe something has been stolen from you during 
your shift, it is up to you to file a police report if you believe the theft warrants it. 
 
Janitorial Services: Janitorial services are contracted to provide cleaning and sanitation of common 
areas, restrooms, waste receptacles and grounds. If there is a janitorial issue in common areas, please 
contact NFM management or security personnel to report the issue immediately. However, cleaning of 
GLC stations, equipment and small wares is the sole responsibility of the commissary member who uses 
them. See pages 8 through 10 for a full explanation of cleaning/closing expectations. 
 
Marketing: Your business may be featured in Nashville Farmers’ Market promotions. Commissary 
members agree to allow photo and video recording of their businesses operating in the commissary for 
promotional purposes. In order to increase the likelihood of being included in the Market’s promotions, 
commissary members may tag Nashville Farmers’ Market on any Instagram or Facebook so that we may 
reshare your promotions with our expansive follower base. 
 
Food Service Equipment: The GLC is equipped with many pieces of specialized appliances and 
equipment that aid in large-scale food preparation and production. All equipment in the commissary is 
electric. For a full list of equipment and corresponding rental rates, click here.  
Commissary members must book the equipment needed for their shift before they arrive to 
ensure it is available. Certain pieces of specialty equipment carry additional fees for use, as outlined in 
the Rates section (page 2). It is recommended that you only book equipment for the time period you will 
be using it, rather than your entire shift, in order to minimize rental costs and ensure other commissary 
members have access to equipment as needed. You may only rent a maximum of three pieces of 
equipment/appliances at one time. 
Docusign Envelope ID: 0625F0ED-2B1C-4AB1-B013-13737646A4CE
ARCHIVE


4 
 
Before Your First Shift 
 
Onboarding:  Once your application is reviewed and you are approved as a client of Grow Local at 
Nashville Farmers’ Market, you will be contacted to schedule a meeting with NFM’s Program Manager 
and prompted to pay your Onboarding Fee. During the onboarding meeting, you will discuss 
expectations for use of the commissary, participate in relevant equipment tutorials and sign your 
agreement in preparation for your first shift. Please come prepared with questions you may have about 
the Grow Local Commissary, as well as your required documents. You will also be assigned a “suite 
number” for use on any FDA or other relevant regulatory permits. However, you should not send any 
other mail to the Market directly, but instead use your personal, business or PO Box address for that 
purpose. After onboarding, you are free to schedule your first shifts. 
 
Agreement: While onboarding, new commissary members will sign a commissary agreement during 
the scheduled onboarding meeting. A valid, government-issued photo ID is required to sign the 
agreement. Agreements must be signed before accessing the commissary as a rental. New agreements 
will be signed annually at the end of each year for the following calendar year.  
 
Scheduling & Stations: The Grow Local Commissary uses the Food Corridor as a platform to schedule 
and invoice its clients. Using the Food Corridor booking tutorial, you can learn the process of booking 
shifts at your convenience in the commissary. The commissary is open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week—
except holidays blocked off in the reservation system. Booking is available up to 2 months in advance 
with a minimum 4-hour booking period. Scheduling can be denied at the sole discretion of NFM 
management based on adherence to commissary policies and protocol. Again, any equipment you wish 
to reserve must be booked in advance of your shift to ensure its availability to you. Booking can occur in 
any of the six commissary stations, all of which have 2 stainless steel prep tables and trash receptacles 
for refuse, recycling and compost: 
• 
Station A: Meat Grinder, Meat Slicer 
• 
Station B: Vacuum Sealer*, Label Maker* 
• 
Station C: Buffalo Chopper, Salad Spinner, Basin Sink 
• 
Station D: Double-Stack Convection Oven, Stand Mixer, Dough Sheeter* 
• 
Station E: Tilt Skillet, Stream Kettle 
• 
Station F: Blast Chiller*, Combi Oven* 
 *Specialty equipment subject to additional fees per hour of use. 
 
Payment: Commissary members are expected to make regular payment via Food Corridor. All monthly 
fee structures (such as storage) will be invoiced on the 5th of the month for that month’s rentals. Regular 
shifts in the commissary are subject to the hourly rate and due at midnight following their completed 
shift. It is each member’s responsibility to remain in good standing. Any past due payments carried into 
a new month are subject to late fee charges ($50/occurrence) and can result in suspension of rentals 
upon repeated offense. Members who use the commissary prior to or after their scheduled shift will be 
charged the hourly rate for each unauthorized hour of use and will also be subject to the disciplinary 
actions set forth in Section 13(b) of the GLC Member Agreement. Hourly rates are not prorated. 
Commissary members may pay via credit/debit card or ACH by selecting their preferred 
payment method on their Food Corridor account. The payment method on file will be automatically 
Docusign Envelope ID: 0625F0ED-2B1C-4AB1-B013-13737646A4CE
ARCHIVE


5 
 
billed on the invoice date via Stripe as a secure payment. You will see the charge on your payment 
account as “Nashville Farmers-Grow.” In-person payments will not be accepted. Rejected payments are 
considered a policy violation and must be paid in full before resuming future scheduled shifts. Unpaid 
balances in excess of 60 days may result in a cancellation of any future shifts, as well as submission to 
Metro’s Payment Collections department. 
 
Reservation Cancellation, No-Shows & Refund Requests: Upon booking of the commissary 
member’s scheduled shifts, the member accepts responsibility for each shift. Shifts may be amended or 
cancelled by written request to NFM management 72 hours in advance of the shift. Commissary 
members are responsible for all rental fees for bookings cancelled less than 72 hours before the shift. 
Refunds or credits will not be provided unless accompanied by a written approval from NFM 
management. No shows will forfeit rental fees and are subject to immediate cancellation of all future 
shifts. In the event of a family or medical emergency, please contact NFM’s Program Manager as soon as 
possible to cancel any previously scheduled booking. 
 
What to bring: GLC members will have access to any equipment or appliances booked in advance, as 
well as a limited number of small wares detailed on the GLC Equipment webpage. In addition to any 
food items and ingredients you source, please be sure to bring any of the following that you may need:  
 
• 
Gloves 
• 
Special Tools/Small Wares 
• 
Specialty Small Appliances 
• 
Towels/Linens/Aprons  
• 
Plastic Wrap/Aluminum Foil 
• 
Food Storage Containers 
• 
Packaging (no Styrofoam) 
 
Communication: NFM management uses Slack, electronic newsletters and direct communication via 
phone, text and e-mail to communicate to Market vendors. You will be expected to respond via these 
modes of communication and may use them to communicate with management and your fellow 
commissary members as needed. Communication on any medium, including in-person communication, 
is always expected to be respectful, courteous and professional. In the event of a serious emergency, 
you should always contact 9-1-1. However, for less severe incidents, you may contact NFM management 
during regular business hours or NFM security for immediate after-hours assistance.  
 
During Your Shift 
 
Hours: GLC members may only access the commissary during the hours of their scheduled shift. 
Commissary members should factor in the time necessary to clean their station and store their items 
into booking times. Failure to properly clean the commissary and reset it for the next shift will result in 
fines and further action. Although the commissary is open 24/7 (except holidays), you will need to 
contact security to access the premises for late night or early morning shifts between 8PM and 8AM. 
 
Check In: You must check in to each shift via Food Corridor before beginning your rental period using 
your account pin, which is available on your login page. 
 
Loading/Parking: Grow Local Commissary members may pull into the iron gated area between the 
Market House and Farm Sheds to load in and load out, except from 9AM-2PM on Saturday and Sunday. 
Docusign Envelope ID: 0625F0ED-2B1C-4AB1-B013-13737646A4CE
ARCHIVE


6 
 
After NFM hours (8PM-8AM) shifts require assistance from security to access gated/locked Market 
areas. While loading, you may briefly park alongside the Market House using hazard lights to signify 
temporary parking. Vehicles must be re-parked before the loading window ends. Improperly parked 
vehicles are subject to tow at the owner’s expense.  
GLC members may park only in the main Nashville Farmers’ Market lot during their scheduled 
shift. This lot is located along Rosa L Parks Boulevard, southwest of the Market House building and 
directly next to the outdoor Farm Sheds. Grow Local Commissary members are not permitted to park in 
the lot between NFM and the State Museum or any of the 2-hour parking spaces off 7th Avenue. For 
weekend rentals, we require all vendors and commissary members to park in the State employee 
parking lots. 
 
Accessing the Commissary: The GLC is accessible during your rented shifts via the east and west doors. 
You will be assigned a door code to access the commissary. Your assigned code is subject to change as 
needed to maintain the security of the commissary. The south door must remain closed and locked at all 
times. However, the roll-up garage door may be opened for a limited amount of time under direct 
supervision while loading or receiving deliveries occurs.  
Once inside, you may use the lockers located on the south side of the commissary to store 
personal items. Each locker letter corresponds to your rented station letter, so you may only use the 
locker(s) that corresponds to the station(s) you’ve rented. 
 
Products: The Grow Local Commissary has the equipment necessary to produce a wide variety of 
artisan food goods. In order to remain in good standing with Tennessee Department of Agriculture, Food 
& Drug Administration and US Department of Agriculture, you will be asked to list the products you plan 
to make in the commissary on your application. In order to complete the application process, you will 
also create a comprehensive list of potential allergens that your products may contain. Please review 
the 9 major food allergens before submitting this document.  
 
Food Safety: All food preparation must be done in a permitted kitchen and any items prepared in a 
home kitchen will not be allowed in the commissary or storage areas. Commissary members are 
required to prepare and manufacture food items in accordance with all TDA and FDA rules and 
regulations. Hot foods must be kept hot and cold foods kept cold for the entirety of your shift. Foods 
may not be allowed to enter the “temperature danger zone” (between 135°F and 40°F). Since food is 
produced in large quantities in the commissary, serious attention to potential points of cross 
contamination or other food safety concerns is vital.  
Wash your hands regularly and use gloves when handling ready-to-eat foods. Maintain good 
personal hygiene and a sanitary work environment. All commissary members must wear closed-toed, 
non-slip shoes and have their hair tied back and covered at all times. Familiarize yourself with the 
commissary binders in the space, which can assist you in the event of an inspection. Know where 
sanitizer test strips are and how to use them. While the Grow Local Commissary maintains its own 
operational permits, you will also be inspected for your operations and it is your responsibility to remain 
in good standing with the relevant permitting authorities. Those found in serious violation of 
commissary and/or food safety protocol will not be allowed to use the shared commissary or its storage 
areas. Please review TDA’s Food Safety Guide before applying. 
 
Use of Small Wares: The commissary has a limited supply of certain types of small wares available for 
use during your shift. These include, but are not limited to, rubber spatulas, whisks, strainers, etc. These 
Docusign Envelope ID: 0625F0ED-2B1C-4AB1-B013-13737646A4CE
ARCHIVE


7 
 
items are primarily located on the commissary pegboard and storage shelves on the southwest corner of 
the space. Since the commissary is a shared space, please be mindful of your fellow commissary 
members and only use small wares while you need them for production. Once finished with any piece, 
clean it and put it away in a timely manner in order to ensure availability for all commissary members. 
 
Storage: A limited amount of on-site storage 
options are available for commissary members. 
Dry, cold and freezer storage is available for 
monthly rental by the shelf. Any food 
products/ingredients that you use to 
manufacture or prepare goods in the Grow Local 
Commissary must be stored on-site and may not 
be stored in homes or other off-site locations. All 
items stored in dry storage areas must be stored 
in food storage containers and may not be stored 
in bags, boxes or other vulnerable packaging that 
may attract pests. All items stored in cold storage 
areas are subject to regular cold storage 
standards. Please contact the Program Manager 
to reserve storage space. 
 
Deliveries: In order to receive deliveries, the 
business owner or a representative must be on-
site to inventory and properly store their order. 
Deliveries should be received as they arrive at 
the north entrance only, which is nearest to the 
storage areas and does not have restricted 
access at any time. Deliveries should only be sent to the NFM if they are comprised of items directly 
associated with the products you manufacture on-site, and if you have sufficient storage for those items.  
 
Personnel: Each commissary member assumes full responsibility for anyone they allow to access the 
commissary. As such, it is vital that your personnel are properly trained in both commissary operations 
and its overall culture. Additionally, you should never allow anyone access that you do not know or 
vouch for, as they will be considered your responsibility once inside. It is highly recommended that you, 
as the business owner, employ a “first in/last out” procedure for yourself for every shift. 
 
Garbage/Refuse: NFM offers recycling, compost and landfill waste collection at the on-premises waste 
center. Each commissary member is responsible for the three bins at their reserved station and may not 
use other receptacles in the commissary area. All recycling, compost and garbage must be removed 
from the GLC and placed in the appropriate dumpsters at the end of each day. To keep the Market area 
clean and presentable for customers, commissary members must break down boxes, store trash in an 
orderly manner and bring any excessive refuse to the waste center throughout their shifts as needed.  
 
Cameras: The commissary is equipped with several cameras in order to help support the safety of 
commissary members and food prepared in the space. The cameras may also be used in the event of 
damage to equipment, missing items or shift overages. NFM management is solely responsible for 
accessing and reviewing commissary camera footage. 
Docusign Envelope ID: 0625F0ED-2B1C-4AB1-B013-13737646A4CE
ARCHIVE


8 
 
 
Alcoholic Beverages and Other Controlled Substances: Sale and consumption of alcoholic 
beverages, including beer, wine and liquor, is prohibited in the Grow Local Commissary, except with 
written permission from NFM management and proper permitting. No illegal substances shall be 
consumed, kept, bought, or sold in any rental space or other NFM locations. Smoking and vaping are 
prohibited on Market grounds (inside the NFM iron gates, patio areas, Farm Sheds and Market House). 
 
Rules of Conduct: NFM management expects all commissary members and their staff to conduct 
themselves in a manner that contributes to a positive experience for NFM vendors, staff and guests. 
Children and pets are not allowed in the GLC area. Work directly with your fellow commissary members 
to ensure a friendly, courteous and supportive working environment and interact with them in a calm 
and respectful manner to resolve disagreements and misunderstandings. Although NFM management is 
available to assist in the event of serious behavioral infractions, the culture of the GLC is one that 
promotes working as a community to accomplish your goals, which may sometimes mean discussing 
how to work positively with one another. Inappropriate conduct or language toward other vendors, 
customers, or management—whether in person or by electronic media—will not be tolerated and may 
be grounds for immediate termination of the GLC Member Agreement and dismissal from NFM. 
 
Harassment-Free Workplace: The following is applicable to all vendors and their staffs, NFM staff, 
service providers and board members. NFM is committed to a work environment in which all individuals 
are treated with respect and dignity. Everyone has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that 
promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices including 
harassment. Therefore, NFM expects that all relationships among persons in the office and markets will 
be businesslike and free of bias, prejudice and harassment. It is the policy of NFM to ensure equal 
employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, 
gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, immigration status, age, disability, genetic 
information, marital status, amnesty or status as a covered veteran. NFM prohibits any such 
discrimination or harassment. Anyone who experiences harassment is encouraged to report the incident 
to NFM management. Any vendor found to be violating this policy is subject to possible suspension or 
expulsion from the Market. Please see the appendix on page 11 for a full definition of harassment. 
 
After Your Shift 
 
Cleaning: NFM management expects Grow Local Commissary members to clean as they go during shift 
to maintain a tidy and sanitary commissary environment throughout the day. The GLC and its members 
are subject to inspection from TDA or the USDA depending on their products, so members must operate 
in an organized, cleanly way that is conducive to maintaining active permits. 
From counters to floors, equipment and appliances, inside fridges and in the dish area, members 
must leave the commissary in a clean and rentable state. All NFM small wares and equipment must be 
cleaned and put away from where they were originally sourced. All surfaces must be free of food debris, 
cleaned, rinsed and then sanitized in order to be considered fully cleaned. The cleaning chemical cage 
must remain closed unless being accessed for replenishment. The reach-in fridge in the commissary area 
must be completely empty and wiped down of food debris before the end of each shift with all items 
shifted back into storage. Storage of any personal or business items in the GLC is strictly prohibited 
without written approval from NFM management. Items left in the GLC are subject to removal and 
Docusign Envelope ID: 0625F0ED-2B1C-4AB1-B013-13737646A4CE
ARCHIVE


9 
 
disposal. Remember: this is a shared commissary space so you should leave it in a condition that is 
respectful of the next small business owner using the space and conducive to their success. A full 
checklist of cleaning expectations is available on the next page. You can also find laminated copies of 
this checklist on every station in the commissary. 
 
Dish Area: The dish area is a shared space among all commissary members that are renting the 
commissary at any given time. Being such, it is your responsibility to use the space in an efficient, clean 
and organized manner. You must completely clean, dry and put away any dishes before returning to 
other tasks to ensure the space is ready for the next member. The sinks and dishwashers must be 
completely cleaned and free of food debris before you leave the area. The mop sink must be free of 
debris or refuse, and the mop bucket must be emptied and rinsed after each use. 
 
Chemical Use: NFM provides all cleaning supplies and equipment needed to maintain a safe, healthy 
and appealing cooking environment, including: 
• 
Scouring Pads/ 
Sponges 
• 
Paper Towels 
• 
Hand Soap 
• 
Dish Detergent 
• 
Sanitizer 
• 
Dish Machine 
Detergent 
• 
Floor Cleaner 
• 
All-Purpose Cleaner 
• 
Degreaser 
• 
Stainless Steel Polish 
• 
Squeegee 
• 
Mop & Mop Bucket 
• 
Broom & Dust Pan 
• 
Trash Cans w/ Liners 
• 
Sanitizer Test Strips
All chemicals are approved for use in a commissary space and have inspected and approved safety 
data sheets in the commissary binder. These chemicals are highly-concentrated and are therefore only 
safe for use when hooked up to their proper dispenser, which is calibrated for proper dilution. As such, 
free pouring chemicals directly out of bottle constitutes a policy violation. However, it may also cause 
your entire batch of food to be considered not food safe. Please use chemicals only as directed. If you 
are unfamiliar with any commissary chemicals, please let the Program Manager know.  
 
Incomplete Cleaning & Damaged Property: Failure to properly clean the commissary and reset it for 
the next renter will result in a cleaning fee of $100. Multiple cleaning-related violations will result in 
suspension or cancellation of all future shifts. If equipment, small wares, tools or any other NFM 
property is damaged during your shift, you must alert NFM’s Program Manager immediately. Damage to 
GLC equipment or NFM property will result in a minimum $100 fee per occurrence. However, if the 
equipment and/or property is damaged to the point of needing serious repair or being inoperable for an 
extended period of time, commissary members will be charged the cost or repair or replacement and 
may be subject to suspension and/or termination of GLC agreement and scheduled shifts. While 
accidents do happen, please work in a way that ensures a clean and functional environment for the 
other members of this shared commissary space. By being attentive and considerate, you will help 
support the culture of this community space. If you are concerned with the state of the 
commissary, equipment or its cleanliness from the previous user, please contact the Program 
Manager immediately. Photo documentation of any issues reported will be required.  
 
Check Out: At the end of each shift, you must check out via Food Corridor. When checking out of your 
completed shift on Food Corridor, you may enter notes regarding equipment issues, commissary 
cleanliness or other information related to your time renting the GLC. 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 0625F0ED-2B1C-4AB1-B013-13737646A4CE
ARCHIVE


10 
 
Closing Checklist 
 
 Wash/sanitize all dishes, cooking implements and tools 
 Empty dish machine 
 Put away all dishes/cooking tools 
 Clean, rinse and sanitize your rented equipment/appliance 
 Wipe down/sanitize equipment surfaces, including equipment doors and handles 
 Clean, rinse and sanitize any food-contact surfaces (i.e. prep tables) 
 Empty and wipe down in-commissary fridges if used 
 Empty and wipe down all metro shelves and speed racks used 
 Clean floor mats 
 Sweep entire station, including under equipment 
 Mop entire commissary station, including under equipment 
 Clean all sinks, including hand sink, dish sink and mop sink 
 Sweep/mop dish area floor space 
 Take trash, recycling and compost to waste disposal center (outside the Market House) 
 Check that all heating equipment is off 
 Turn hood off if used at your station 
 Check that all personal/business belongings/products/merchanidise have been removed 
from the GLC commissary area (including inside ovens, fridges, freezers, cabinets and 
the dish machine) and placed in proper, rented storage areas. 
 Return all cleaning tools and chemicals to proper areas (dish area/storage cage) 
 Be sure the commissary door is closed and locked behind you 
 Sign out of your shift on Food Corridor, including any notes relevant to maintenance 
 
 
 
 
_________________________________                                  ____________________________________ 
GLC Member Name (Printed)                                                               Business Name 
 
 
 
_________________________________                                  ____________________________________ 
GLC Member Signature                                                                          Date 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 0625F0ED-2B1C-4AB1-B013-13737646A4CE
ARCHIVE


11 
 
APPENDIX 
Definitions of Harassment: 
Sexual harassment constitutes discrimination and is illegal under federal, state and local laws. For the 
purposes of this policy, sexual harassment is defined, as in the Equal Employment Opportunity 
Commission Guidelines, as unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors and other verbal or 
physical conduct of a sexual nature when, for example: 
A) Submission to such conduct is made either explicitly or implicitly a term or condition of an 
individual's employment 
B) Submission to or rejection of such conduct by an individual is used as the basis for employment 
decisions affecting such individuals 
C) Such conduct has the purpose or effect of unreasonably interfering with an individual's work 
performance or creating an intimidating, hostile or offensive working environment. 
 
Sexual harassment may include a range of subtle and not-so-subtle behaviors and may involve 
individuals of the same or different genders. Depending on the circumstances, these behaviors may 
include unwanted sexual advances or requests for sexual favors; sexual jokes and innuendo; verbal 
abuse of a sexual nature; commentary about an individual's body, sexual prowess or sexual 
deficiencies; leering, whistling or touching; insulting or obscene comments or gestures; display in 
the workplace of sexually suggestive objects or pictures; and other physical, verbal or visual conduct 
of a sexual nature. 
  
Harassment on the basis of any other protected characteristic is also strictly prohibited. Under this 
policy, harassment is verbal, written or physical conduct that denigrates or shows hostility or 
aversion toward an individual because of their race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, 
national origin, immigration status or citizenship, age, disability, marital status, genetic information, 
veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law or that of their relatives, friends or 
associates, and that: a) has the purpose or effect of creating an intimidating, hostile or offensive 
work environment; b) has the purpose or effect of unreasonably interfering with an individual's 
work performance; or c) otherwise adversely affects an individual's employment opportunities.  
 
Harassing conduct includes epithets, slurs or negative stereotyping; threatening, intimidating or 
hostile acts; denigrating jokes; and written or graphic material that denigrates or shows hostility or 
aversion toward an individual or group and that is placed on walls or elsewhere on the employer's 
premises or circulated in the workplace, on company time or using company equipment via e-mail, 
phone (including voice messages), text messages, tweets, blogs, social networking sites or other 
means.  
 
These policies apply to all applicants’ employees and off-site markets where NFM operates, whether 
related to conduct engaged in by fellow employees or someone not directly connected to NFM (e.g., 
an outside vendor, consultant or customer). Conduct prohibited by these policies is unacceptable in 
the workplace and in any work-related setting outside the workplace, such as during business trips, 
business meetings and business-related social events. 
Docusign Envelope ID: 0625F0ED-2B1C-4AB1-B013-13737646A4CE
ARCHIVE
