DocuSign Envelope ID: B6BOBB6E-F17F-412D-8C24-DEC198943650 
L-4524 
Final (7-8-20) 
11:13 am, Oct 14 2020 
Ground Lease 
~ILED METROPOLITAN CLERK 
Between 
The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County 
by and through The Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners of 
Lessor 
And 
The Sports Authority of the 
Metropolitan Government of 
Nashville and Davidson County 
Lessee 
July~ 2020 
This Ground Lease (this "Ground Lease") is entered into this~ day of July, 
2020, by and between The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson 
County, by and through The Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners, ("Lessor") 
and the Sports Authority of the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson 
County ("Lessee"). 
.Recitals 
1. The Lessor is a public corporation established by Charter adopted by 
referendum vote on June 28, 1962, in conformity with the laws of the State of 
Tennessee. 
2. The Lessee is a public nonprofit corporation and a public instrumentality of 
The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County ("Metro") 
created pursuant to the laws of the State of Tennessee. 
3. Pursuant to Section 7-67-109 of the Tennessee Code Annotated, the Lessee 
has the express power to acquire land by lease in order to operate a project 
such as a sports and recreation facility. 
4. Pursuant to Section 7-6 7-111 of the Tennessee Code Annotated, the Lessor is 
permitted to convey land by lease to the Lessee. 
5. The Metropolitan County Council on November 7, 2017, adopted Substitute 
Resolution No. RS2017-910 conditionally approving the issuance of public 
facility revenue improvement bonds by the Lessee for the construction of a 
new Major League Soccer ("MLS") stadium at the Nashville Fairgrounds 
located at 300 Rains Avenue. 
6. The Lessor and Lessee have determined an MLS stadium ("Stadium") will 
encourage and foster economic development and prosperity for the 
ARCHIVE


Metropolitan Government, and will provide recreational and other 
opportunities for the residents of the State of Tennessee and Nashville and 
Davidson County. 
NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the premises and their mutual 
undertakings as herein set forth and other good and valuable consideration, the 
Lessor and the Lessee, do hereby agree as follows: 
Section 1. Ground Lease by Lessor to Lessee. The Lessor does hereby lease and 
demise to the Lessee and the Lessee does hereby let from the Lessor, for and during 
the lease term hereinafter provided, (i) the tract of land described and depicted in 
Exhibit A. which is incorporated herein and made part hereof by this reference, 
together with any and all appurtenances thereunder belonging, all parking and 
similar facilities. Not included in the Premises, but subject to usage rights provided 
to StadiumCo pursuant to a written agreement to be entered into between the Fair 
Board and StadiumCo substantially in accordance with that certain unexecuted (but 
binding) term sheet previously negotiated by the parties, StadiumCo has rights to 
use certain parking and similar facilities and Fairgrounds infrastructure associated 
with the Stadium Property and/or to be used in the operation of the Stadium for 
Stadium Events (collectively, the "Project Property"). This Ground Lease is entered 
into and the leasehold estate hereby created is made upon and subject to the terms 
and conditions contained herein. Terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the 
meaning ascribed to such term in the Stadium Lease (defined below). 
Section 2. Term. The term of this Ground Lease shall begin on its effective date and 
continue for thirty (30) years, or until the debt on the construction of the Stadium 
has been paid in full, whichever is later (the "Scheduled Termination Date"). The 
effective date shall be July _, 2020. This Ground Lease may be extended Scheduled 
Termination Date for an additional term of thirty (30) years (the "First Option 
Period") upon the same terms and conditions as described herein at the option of 
the Lessee provided Lessee gives written notice to Lessor not less than one hundred 
twenty (120) days prior to the Scheduled Termination Date. In the event the First 
Option Period is exercised, this Ground Lease may be further extended for an 
additional term of fifteen (15) years upon the same terms and conditions as 
described herein at the option of the Lessee provided Lessee gives written notice to 
Lessor not less than one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the termination date of 
the First Option Period. 
Section 3. Rent. Lessee shall pay to the Lessor annual rent in the amount of ten 
dollars ($10.00) on or before August 1st of each calendar year of the term of this 
Ground Lease. 
Section 4. Improvements and Uses. The Lessee shall, at its sole cost and expense, 
cause the Stadium to be constructed, equipped, maintained and operated upon the 
Project Property. The Stadium shall be used for the purposes of a sports authority 
determined in Title 7, Part 67of the Tennessee Code Annotated. Lessor hereby 
2 
DocuSign Envelope ID: B6B0BB6E-F17F-412D-8C24-DEC1B8B4365D
16
ARCHIVE


stipulates and agrees that the uses set forth in the Stadium Lease (defined below) 
are in compliance with the terms of this Agreement and with the uses as determined 
in Title 7, Part 67of the Tennessee Code Annotated. Lessee covenants and agrees 
that it will use said Project Property for lawful purposes at all times. 
Section 5. No Warranty. Lessee has inspected the Project Property and agrees to 
accept the conditions of the Project Property, without any representation or 
warranty on the part of the Lessor, in an "as is" condition. The Lessee assumes the 
responsibility of the condition, operation, maintenance and management of the 
Project Property. 
Section 6. Benefit and Assignment and Subletting. The provisions of this Ground 
Lease shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the respective 
successors and assigns of the parties hereto. Neither this Ground Lease nor any of 
the rights and obligations of the Lessee hereunder shall be assigned or transferred 
to any person, firm or corporation without the prior written consent of the Lessor, 
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Any assignment or transfer shall 
not release Lessee from its obligations hereunder. Any approved assignee or 
transferee shall assume each and every obligation of Lessee hereunder, and Lessor 
may deal with, contract with, and accept rent from any such assignee without 
waiving any of its rights hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Lessor's 
consent is not required in connection with any sublease, license, occupancy, 
concession, advertising, service, maintenance or other agreement ( each, a 
"Sublease" and collectively, "Subleases", as applicable) of all or any portion of the 
Project Property entered into by the Lessee, as sublessor or licensor thereunder. 
Lessee is expressly permitted to enter into a Subleases of the Project Property in 
whole or in part as necessary or desired for the management and operation of the 
Project Property and such Sublease shall not require any approval or consent of 
Lessor. Any Sublease shall be specifically subject to the terms and conditions of this 
Ground Lease. A Sublease shall not release Lessee from its obligations hereunder. 
Section 7. Stadium Lease Agreement; RNDA. Lessor acknowledges that Lessee 
will enter into that certain Lease Agreement (the "Stadium Lease"), dated on or 
about the date hereof, with Walsh Management LLC, a Tennessee limited liability 
company ("StadiumCo"), pursuant to which Lessee will grant certain rights in favor 
of StadiumCo as more particularly set forth therein. Lessor hereby consents to the 
Stadium Lease and the terms and provisions contained therein and acknowledges 
and agrees that the Stadium Lease shall be deemed a Sublease hereunder, subject to 
all the rights and protections in favor of Subleases contained herein. 
Contemporaneously with the execution of this Ground Lease, Lessor shall execute, 
acknowledge and deliver to and for the benefit of Stadium Co a recognition, non­
disturbance and attornnment agreement, by and among Lessor, Lessee and 
StadiumCo, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the "RNDA"). 
Section 8. Reserved. 
3 
DocuSign Envelope ID: B6B0BB6E-F17F-412D-8C24-DEC1B8B4365D
ARCHIVE


Section 9. Mechanic's Liens. Notice is hereby given that Lessor shall not be liable 
for any labor or materials furnished or to be furnished to the Project Property upon 
credit, and that no mechanic's or other lien for any such labor or materials shall 
attach to or affect the reversion or other estate or interest of the Lessor in and to the 
Project Property. No work, services, materials or labor provided to the Lessee by 
any third party in connection with this Ground Lease shall be deemed to be for the 
benefit of Lessor. If any lien shall at any time be filed against the Project Property by 
reason of the Lessee's failure to pay for any work, services, materials or labor 
provided to the Lessee by any third party, or alleged to have been so provided, the 
Lessee shall immediately cause the same to be discharged of record, except that if 
Lessee desires to contest any such lien, it may do so as long as any such contest is in 
good faith. In the event the Lessee fails to cause any such lien to be discharged of 
record within forty-five ( 45) days after it receives notice thereof, Lessor may 
discharge the same by paying the amount claimed to be due, with the understanding 
that Lessor is under no obligation to do so. In the event Lessor shall discharge any 
lien on behalf of Lessee, Lessee agrees to immediately reimburse Lessor for such 
amount (plus Lessor's actual, reasonable out-of-pocket costs and attorneys' fees). 
Section 10. Casualty Loss. The Lessee shall, at all times, at no expense to Lessor, 
cause the Project Property to be insured against all loss or damage by fire or other 
casualty. The policy shall name the Lessor as a co-insured and shall provide that the 
policy cannot be cancelled without thirty (30) days written notice to the Lessor. 
Lessee shall cause the policy to be in full force and effect throughout the term of this 
Ground Lease. 
Section 11. Default. The occurrence of any one or more of the following constitutes 
a default (each, a "Lessee Default") by the Lessee under this Ground Lease: 
a.
the Lessee's failure to pay any of the Rent or other charges due to Lessor
hereunder; or
b. the Lessee's failure to observe or perform any other covenant, agreement,
condition or provision of this Ground Lease (subject to any additional
cure periods set forth herein) and such failure shall continue for thirty
(30) days after written notice thereof from Lessor to the Lessee,
provided, however, if such failure cannot reasonably be cured within such
thirty (30) day period, the Lessee shall not be in default hereunder so
long as it commences to cure the same within the aforementioned thirty
(30) day period and thereafter diligently prosecutes the cure to
completion; or
c.
the Lessee voluntarily makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors,
or applies for or consents to the appointment of a trustee or receiver for
the Lessee or for the major part of the Project Property; or
d. a trustee or receiver is appointed for the Lessee or for the major part of
its property and is not discharged within thirty (30) days after such
appointment; or
e.
bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, or liquidation
proceedings, or other proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or
4 
DocuSign Envelope ID: B6B0BB6E-F17F-412D-8C24-DEC1B8B4365D
ARCHIVE


similar law for the relief of debtors, are instituted by or against the 
Lessee, and, if instituted against the Lessee, are allowed against it or are 
consented to by it or are not dismissed within thirty (30) days after such 
institution. 
Section 12. Surrender. In the event of default a Lessee Default under this Ground 
Lease, which Lessee Default is not cured in accordance with the rights and 
obligations provided herein, Lessee agrees to peacefully surrender the Project 
Property to the Lessor subject to any mortgages, Subleases and encumbrances then 
in effect. No Sublease shall be cancelled or terminated, and Lessor shall not take any 
affirmative action to cancel or terminate any Sublease, as a result of the surrender of 
the Project Property following a Lessee Default and any such attempts shall be null 
and void. Lessor acknowledges and agrees that no surrender of this Ground Lease 
shall affect or nullify its obligations to StadiumCo under the RNDA. 
Section 13. Termination. Except as set forth in Section 12 above, upon expiration 
of the term of this Ground Lease, Lessee and any lien holder holding an interest or 
lien against the Project Property shall be finally and permanently divested of any 
and all interest in the Project Property so that the Lessor shall hold the Project 
Property with only the same restrictions and conditions as existed prior to the 
execution of this Ground Lease and any reasonable and customary covenants, 
conditions, restrictions, easements or other encumbrances deemed necessary or 
desirable by Lessee for improvements to the Project Property. Lessee shall quietly 
and peacefully surrender the Project Property to Lessor, and Lessor may without 
further notice re-enter the Project Property and possess and repossess itself thereof 
and may dispossess Lessee and remove Lessee and may have, hold and enjoy the 
Project Property and the right to receive all rental and other income of and from the 
same. 
Section 14. Amendments. The parties may modify, alter, amend or change any 
part of this Ground Lease by executing a written amendment setting forth the 
changes made. Such amendment shall become effective after it has been approved 
in writing by Lessee and by Lessor and has been passed, by resolution, of the 
Metropolitan County Council. 
Section 15. Net Ground Lease. The parties agree that this Ground Lease is a net 
ground lease, with rent to be paid without adjustment or set-off, except as may be 
provided herein. 
Section 16. Prohibited Uses. The following uses of the Project Property shall be 
prohibited at all times: 
1. Any use that creates, causes, maintains or permits any material public or
private nuisance in, on, at or about the Project Property; provided however, in
no event will Lessor , Lessee or the Metropolitan Government be entitled to
assert that a permitted use held in compliance with applicable law
constitutes a public nuisance;
5 
DocuSign Envelope ID: B6B0BB6E-F17F-412D-8C24-DEC1B8B4365D
ARCHIVE


2.
Any use or purpose that violates in any material respect any applicable law
or in any way violates a special use permit or other use restrictions approved
for the Project Property by the Metropolitan Government in effect as of the
date hereof:
3. The sale or commercial display of any obscene sign or advertisement,
including any sign or advertisement that promotes obscene activities;
4. Any sexually oriented business as such term is defined in Chapter 6.54 of the
Metropolitan Code;
5. The sale of paraphernalia or other equipment or apparatus which is used
primarily in connection with the taking or use of illegal drugs;
6. A shooting gallery, target range, vehicle repair facility, warehouse (but any
area for the storage of goods intended to be sold or used in connection with
StaduimCo, its affiliates' or other persons' operations permitted in the
Stadium Lease, shall be permitted for warehousing and storage),
convalescent care facility or mortuary, or any assembly, manufacture,
distillation, refining, smelting or other industrial operation or use; and
7. A massage parlor (provided that massage services may be offered by a
licensed massage therapist as a part of a health, beauty or fitness operation)
or a tanning parlor.
Section 17. Notice. All notices and demands required or desired to be given by 
either party to the other pursuant to this Ground Lease shall be in writing and shall 
be delivered personally, sent by commercial overnight courier service, prepaid, or 
sent by United Stated registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage 
prepaid, to the addresses provided below: 
If to Lessee: 
With copy to: 
If to Lessor: 
Executive Director 
The Sports Authority of the 
Metropolitan Government of 
Nashville and Davidson County 
P.O. Box 196300 
Nashville, TN 37219 
Tel: 
(615)880-1021 
Fax: 
(615) 
Department of Law 
Metropolitan Government of 
Nashville and Davidson County 
P.O. Box 196300 
Nashville, TN 37219 
Tel: 
(615) 862-6341 
Fax: 
(615) 862-6352 
Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners 
Executive Director 
P.O. Box 40208 
6 
DocuSign Envelope ID: B6B0BB6E-F17F-412D-8C24-DEC1B8B4365D
ARCHIVE


With copy to: 
Nashville, TN 37204 
Tel: 
(615) 862-8980
The Metropolitan Government of 
Nashville and Davidson County 
Room 205, Metro Courthouse 
Nashville, TN 37201 
Tel: 
(615) 862-6770 
Notices and demands shall be deemed given and served: (i) upon receipt or 
refusal, if delivered personally; (ii) one (1) business day after sending by facsimile 
(provided a hard copy is also promptly sent) or after deposit with an overnight 
courier service; or (iii) five (5) days after deposit in the United States mails, if 
mailed. Either party may change its address for receipt of notices by giving notice of 
such change to the other party in accordance herewith. 
Section 18. Non-Discrimination. Lessee shall not discriminate on the basis of race, 
color, political, or religious opinion or affiliation, creed, age, physical or mental 
handicap, sex, marital status, ancestry, national origin, or sexual 
preference/orientation. Lessee shall comply with all applicable laws pertaining to 
discrimination in employment, unlawful employment practices, and affirmative 
action. 
Section 19. Severability. The invalidity of any provision of this Ground Lease shall 
not impair or affect in any manner the validity, enforceability, or effect of the 
remaining provisions of this Ground Lease. 
Section 20. Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction. This Ground Lease shall be 
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee. 
The parties hereby agree that any suit, action or proceeding may be instituted with 
respect to this Ground Lease in any federal or state court in Davidson County, 
Tennessee. The parties hereby consent to in personam jurisdiction of such courts 
and irrevocably wave any objection and any right of immunity on the ground of 
venue, the convenience of forum, or the jurisdiction of such courts, or from the 
execution of judgments resulting therefrom. 
Section 21. Exhibits. Lessor and the Lessee hereby acknowledge and agree that all 
exhibits referenced in this Ground Lease are attached hereto and incorporated 
herein by reference. 
Section 22. Captions. The captions of this Ground Lease are for convenience and 
reference only and in no way define, limit or describe the scope or intent of this 
Ground Lease. 
7 
DocuSign Envelope ID: B6B0BB6E-F17F-412D-8C24-DEC1B8B4365D
ARCHIVE


Section 23. Entire Agreement. This Ground Lease and the referenced Exhibits 
hereto, each of which is incorporated herein, constitutes the entire understanding 
and agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Ground 
Lease. This Ground Lease integrates all of the terms and conditions mentioned 
herein or incidental hereto and supersedes al negotiations or previous agreements 
between the parties with respect to all or any part of the subject matter hereof. 
Section 24. Authority to Contract. The signatures on this Ground Lease herein 
warrant that Lessee and Lessor have the requisite power and authority to enter into 
and enforce this Ground Lease. 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 
8 
DocuSign Envelope ID: B6B0BB6E-F17F-412D-8C24-DEC1B8B4365D
ARCHIVE


In Witness Whereof, the parties have executed this Ground Lease as of the date 
and year set forth above. 
METRO POLIT AN BOARD OF FAIR 
COMMISSIONERS: 
Chair 
APPROVED AS TO THE 
AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS: 
Metro  Finance 
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND 
LEGALITY: 
Metropolitan Attorney 
THE SPORTS AUTHORITY OF THE 
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF 
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON 
COUNTY: 
Chair 
ATTEST BY: 
Secretary 
9 
DocuSign Envelope ID: B6B0BB6E-F17F-412D-8C24-DEC1B8B4365D
ARCHIVE


Exhibit A 
Legal Description and Map of Project Property 
Block D Stadium 
Being a tract ofland lying in Davidson County, Tennessee, also being Block D of the 
Nashville Fairgrounds, and being more particularly described as follows; 
Commencing at an existing concrete monument at the intersection of southerly right-of­
way line and easterly terminus of Benton Avenue at a comer common with Amy and 
Mark Wigger, as of record in Deed Instrument No. 200106140063176, at the Register's 
Office for Davidson County, Tennessee; 
Thence leaving the southerly right-of-way line of Benton Avenue, South 05 deg 57 min 
31 sec East, 229 .20 feet to a point, being the point of beginning; 
Thence the following calls, North 74 deg 02 min 46 min East, 518.42 feet to a point; 
South 60 deg 57 min 14 sec East, 130.70 feet to a point; South 15 deg 57 min 14 sec East, 
591.83 feet to a point; South 29 deg 18 min 09 sec West, 130.69 feet to a point; South 73 
deg 3 7 min 45 sec West, 41.43 feet to a point; South 15 deg 57 min 14 sec East, 42.3 7 
feet to a point; South 74 deg 02 min 46 sec West, 420.58 feet to a point; North 15 deg 57 
min 14 sec West, 42.25 feet to a point; South 74 deg 02 min 46 sec West, 56.00 feet to a 
point; North 15 deg 49 min 55 sec West, 148.67 feet to a point; South 73 deg 45 min 38 
sec West, 22.32 feet to a point; North 15 deg 57 min 14 sec West 479.38 feet to a point; 
North 74 deg 02 min 46 sec East, 22.00 feet to a point; North 15 deg 57 min 14 sec West, 
148.72 feet to the point of beginning, containing 494,115 square feet (11.34 acres more or 
less). 
Being part of the same property conveyed to Metropolitan Government of Nashville, as 
ofrecord in Deed Book 400, Page 385, at the Register's Office for Davidson County, 
Tennessee. 
[Also see parcel 7 and parcel 6b (as may modified) on the attached site map] 
10 
DocuSign Envelope ID: B6B0BB6E-F17F-412D-8C24-DEC1B8B4365D
ARCHIVE


/ / 
, 1 
6c 
7 
G Hp ENVIRONMENTAL 
NASHVILLE FAIRGROUNDS 
8 
+ARCHITECTURE 
NASHVILLE, DAVIDSON COUNTY, TN 
9 
I \2015\15214 44 - NilShville Fairgrounds - Masterplan\Fairgrounds B Areas Port ppt 
Fair Park Phase la 
Fair Park Phase lb: Election Comm. 
Fair Park Phase 2 
Speedway Grandstands. 
Expo Center 
Demolition (6b,7,8c) 
Benton & Wedgewood Extensions 
Site Improvements 
Service Road 
MLS Soccer Stadium 
Mixed Use (a, b, c) 
Off-Site Improvements 
DocuSign Envelope ID: B6B0BB6E-F17F-412D-8C24-DEC1B8B4365D
ARCHIVE


Exhibit B 
FormRNDA 
[See attached] 
11 
DocuSign Envelope ID: B6B0BB6E-F17F-412D-8C24-DEC1B8B4365D
ARCHIVE


Recording Requested By And 
When Recorded Mail to: 
DLA Piper LLP (US) 
1251 Avenue oftbe Americas 
New York, New York 10020-1104 
Attn: Jason R. Goldstein, Esq. 
(Space above this line for Recorder's use) 
Final (7-8-20) 
RECOGNITION, NON-DISTURBANCE, AND ATTORNMENT AGREEMENT 
between 
THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, 
BY AND THROUGH THE METROPOLITAN BOARD OF FAIR COMMISSIONERS, 
THE SPORTS AUTHORITY OF THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF 
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, 
and 
WALSH MANAGEMENT LLC 
Dated as of July _, 2020 
DocuSign Envelope ID: B6B0BB6E-F17F-412D-8C24-DEC1B8B4365D
16
ARCHIVE


Final (7-8-20) 
RECOGNITION, NON-DISTURBANCE, AND ATTORNMENT AGREEMENT 
This RECOGNITION, NON-DISTURBANCE AND ATTORNMENT AGREEMENT 
(this "Agreement") is entered into as of July _, 2020, by and among THE METRO POLIT AN 
GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, by and through the 
METRO POLIT AN BOARD OF FAIR COMMISSIONERS (the "Ground Lessor"), THE 
SPORTS AUTHORITY OF THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND 
DAVIDSON COUNTY (the "Ground Lessee"), and WALSH MANAGEMENT LLC, a 
Tennessee limited liability company ("StadiumCo"), who agree as follows: 
1.
Recitals. This Agreement is made with reference to the following recitals:
(a)
The Metropolitan County Council (the "Metropolitan Council") of The
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County (the "Metropolitan
Government") has determined that the construction of an MLS stadium (the
"Stadium") and related facilities on a portion of the 128-acre Nashville Fairgrounds
site located at 300 Rains Avenue in the City of Nashville, as more particularly
described in Exhibit A attached hereto (collectively, the "Premises"), will encourage
and foster economic development and prosperity for the Metropolitan Government;
and
(b)
Pursuant to Chapter 67, Title 7 of the Tennessee Code Annotated (the "Act"), the
Metropolitan Council has created Ground Lessee for the purpose of exercising all
powers granted to a sports authority by the Act, including, without limitation, the
financing, constructing and leasing of the Stadium; and
( c)
Ground Lessor and Ground Lessee have entered into that certain Ground Lease,
dated as of July _, 2020 (the "Ground Lease") providing for the lease of the
Premises to Ground Lessee, and certain other matters collateral thereto; and
( d)
Ground Lessee and Stadium Co have entered into that certain Lease Agreement,
dated as of July_, 2020 (the "Stadium Lease"), providing for, inter alia, the lease
of the Premises to StadiumCo, and certain other matters collateral thereto; and
(e)
Notwithstanding the fact that the Stadium Lease is subordinate to the Ground Lease,
the parties hereto desire to enter into this Agreement for the purpose of confirming
their understandings and agreements with respect to each of the Ground Lease and
the Stadium Lease.
2.
Recognition and Non-Disturbance. Ground Lessor hereby acknowledges the Stadium
Lease, consents to the terms and provisions therein, and agrees to recognize the Stadium
Lease as a validly existing Sublease as defined in and pursuant to the terms of the Ground
Lease. Ground Lessor agrees that in the event of any action or proceeding to terminate the
Ground Lease or to enforce any other rights or remedies of Ground Lessor under the
Ground Lease which could cut-off, destroy, terminate or extinguish the Stadium Lease or
StadiumCo's interest and estate thereunder, StadiumCo's leasehold estate and its other
rights and privileges under the Stadium Lease, or any renewals or extensions thereof which
DocuSign Envelope ID: B6B0BB6E-F17F-412D-8C24-DEC1B8B4365D
16
16
16
ARCHIVE


may be effected in accordance with any option therefore which is contained in the Stadium 
Lease, shall not be terminated, diminished or interfered with by Ground Lessor and 
StadiumCo's possession of the Premises shall not be disturbed by Ground Lessor. 
3.
Prohibition on Amendment and Termination. Each of Ground Lessor and Ground
Lessee hereby waive the right to re-enter and relet the Premises and to terminate the
Ground Lease, except as may be consented to by StadiumCo in writing. Each of Ground
Lessor and Ground Lessee irrevocably and explicitly agrees and declares that any
amendment, termination, modification, replacement, invalidation, or surrender of the
foregoing waiver or of the Ground Lease without StadiumCo's prior written consent shall
be null and void.
4.
Attornment.
(a)
If the Ground Lease is terminated for any reason or if Ground Lessor, its designee or
nominee shall succeed to the rights of Ground Lessee under the Stadium Lease upon
any action or proceeding to terminate the Ground Lease or to enforce any other
rights or remedies of Ground Lessor under the Ground Lease, then Ground Lessor
shall notify StadiumCo in writing of the termination as of the date the termination
occurs. Upon receipt of such notice from Ground Lessor, StadiumCo shall have the
right, in its sole discretion, to attom to and recognize Ground Lessor as the landlord
under the Stadium Lease by notice in writing given to Ground Lessor within 60 days
after receipt of the foregoing notice of termination. Upon such attomment, the
Stadium Lease shall continue in full force and effect as, or as if it were, a direct
sublease between Ground Lessor, its designee or nominee, on one hand, and
StadiumCo, on the other hand, upon all of the terms, covenants, provisions and
conditions set forth in the Stadium Lease, and Ground Lessor shall accept the
attomment of StadiumCo, shall not disturb StadiumCo's right to use and possession
of the Stadium and the Premises under, and in accordance with, the Stadium Lease,
and shall continue to recognize the estate created under the Stadium Lease on the
then-remaining terms and conditions thereof and with the same force and effect as if
Ground Lessor and StadiumCo had entered into a direct lease on the same provisions
as those contained in the Stadium Lease.
(b)
From the date Stadium Co attoms to Ground Lessor as provided in this Section 4,
StadiumCo will have no further liability to Ground Lessee for performance under the
Stadium Lease.
(c)
From the date StadiumCo attoms to Ground Lessor as provided in this Section 4, the
Stadium Lease shall continue as a direct lease between Ground Lessor and
StadiumCo, with Ground Lessor, in its capacity as landlord under the Stadium Lease,
having the same rights as Ground Lessee under the Stadium Lease as if Ground
Lessor was the original party thereto and with StadiumCo having the right to enforce
the terms and provisions of the Stadium Lease against Ground Lessor, in its capacity
as landlord under the Stadium Lease.
DocuSign Envelope ID: B6B0BB6E-F17F-412D-8C24-DEC1B8B4365D
ARCHIVE


(d)
Ground Lessor and StadiumCo, immediately upon StadiumCo's notice to Ground
Lessor of its election for the recognition and attomment provided in this Section 4,
shall enter into a written agreement with the same provisions as those in the Stadium
Lease, except for changes that are necessary because of the substitution of Ground
Lessor in place of Ground Lessee (the "New Stadium Lease"). StadiumCo will
have the right to obtain specific performance of Ground Lessor's obligation to enter
into the New Stadium Lease under this Section 4.
5.
Notice and Cure. Ground Lessor agrees to give StadiumCo a copy of all notices sent by
Ground Lessor to Ground Lessee under the Ground Lease simultaneously with the
transmission of such notices to Ground Lessee. Ground Lessor agrees not to exercise any
right to terminate the Ground Lease due to any default by Ground Lessee thereunder until
it has given written notice of such default to StadiumCo and a period of not less than sixty
(60) days for remedying such default. If such default by Ground Lessee cannot be cured
within such sixty (60) day period, the time within which such default of Ground Lessee
may be cured by StadiumCo shall be extended for such reasonable period as may be
necessary to complete the curing of the same (which reasonable period shall in no event be
less than the period to which Ground Lessee would be entitled under the Ground Lease to
effect such cure or remedy) so long as StadiumCo proceeds promptly to effect a cure and
thereafter prosecutes the curing of such default of Ground Lessee with diligence.
StadiumCo's cure of Ground Lessee's default under the Ground Lease shall not be
considered an assumption by StadiumCo of Ground Lessee's other obligations under the
Ground Lease.
6.
Termination of Stadium Lease. If the Stadium Lease terminates by reason of (i) Ground
Lessee's exercising any right Ground Lessee has under the Ground Lease to terminate, (ii)
a rejection in Ground Lessee's bankruptcy, or (iii) the option of Ground Lessee to treat the
Ground Lease as terminated under 11 U.S.C. § 365(h)(l)(A)(i), or any comparable
provision of law, then (i) Ground Lessor shall enter unto a New Stadium Lease at the
request of StadiumCo, on the same provisions as those in the Stadium Lease, except for
changes that are necessary because of the substitution of Ground Lessor in place of Ground
Lessee. StadiumCo will have the right to obtain specific performance of Ground Lessor's
obligation to enter into the New Stadium Lease under this Section 6.
7.
Miscellaneous.
(a)
Conflicts with Existing Leases and Agreements. Except as expressly provided
herein, nothing in this Agreement changes in any manner the provisions of the
Ground Lease or the Stadium Lease; and nothing in this Agreement waives any right
that one party may now have or later acquire against the other parties by reason of
those leases and agreements. If any conflict exists between the provisions of this
Agreement and the provisions of the Ground Lease or the Stadium Lease, then the
provisions of this Agreement will control.
(b)
No Merger. Ground Lessee, Ground Lessor, and StadiumCo agree that fee title to
the Premises and the leasehold and subleasehold estates created by the Ground Lease
and the Stadium Lease, respectively, shall not merge but shall always be kept
DocuSign Envelope ID: B6B0BB6E-F17F-412D-8C24-DEC1B8B4365D
ARCHIVE


separate and distinct, notwithstanding the union of such estates in any person by 
purchase, operation of law or otherwise. 
( c)
Additional RNDA. Ground Lessor and Ground Lessee shall each require that any
third party that acquires an interest senior to Ground Lessor or Ground Lessee in the
Premises, the Stadium, the Ground Lease or the Stadium Lease, and any lender to
either of Ground Lessor or Ground Lessee (including to such third parties) having a
security interest in the Premises, the Stadium, the Ground Lease or the Stadium
Lease, as applicable ( each, an "Interest Holder"), enter into a recognition, non­
disturbance, and attornment agreement substantially similar to this Agreement for the
benefit of StadiumCo, under which the Interest Holder agrees not to disturb
StadiumCo's use of the Premises and the Stadium, and StadiumCo's right to use the
Premises and the Stadium will continue in full force and effect as protected under the
terms of this Agreement.
(d)
Notice. Any notice, demand, request, consent, approval, or communication that any
party desires or is required to give to another party or any other person must be in
writing and shall be deemed properly given via first class, registered or certified
mail, postage prepaid, via nationally recognized overnight courier, or if delivered
personally (or by bonded courier) to the address designated for the recipient. Notice
shall be effective on the date ofreceipt of the notice by the party being notified. Any
party's address may be changed from time to time by that party by giving notice as
provided above to the other parties. No change of address of any party will bind the
other parties until notice of the change of address is given as herein provided.
(1)
Ground Lessor's address:
Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners 
Executive Director 
P.O. Box 40208 
Nashville, TN 37204 
Tel: (615) 862-8980 
With copy to: 
The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County 
Room 205, Metro Courthouse 
Nashville, TN 37201 
Tel: (615) 862-6770 
(2)
Ground Lessee's address:
Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners 
Executive Director 
P.O. Box 40208 
Nashville, TN 37204 
Tel: (615) 862-8980 
DocuSign Envelope ID: B6B0BB6E-F17F-412D-8C24-DEC1B8B4365D
ARCHIVE


With copy to: 
The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County 
Room 205, Metro Courthouse 
Nashville, TN 37201 
Tel: (615) 862-6770 
(3)
StadiumCo's address:
Walsh Management LLC
4400 Harding Pike
Nashville Tennessee 37205
ATTN: Mary K. Cavarra
With copy to:
Nashville Soccer Holdings, LLC
4400 Harding Pike
Nashville Tennessee 37205
ATTN: Eleanor G. McDonald
(e)
Successors. This Agreement is binding on, and inures to the benefit of, the parties
and their successors.
(t)
Definitions. "Including" is a term of enlargement (rather than oflimitation) that
means "including but not limited to."
(g)
Counterparts. The parties may sign this Agreement in counterparts, each of which
will be considered an original, but all of which will constitute the same Agreement.
Facsimile signatures or signatures transmitted by email or other electronic means
will be effective to bind each of the parties.
(h)
Governing Law. This Agreement is to be governed by, and construed in accordance
with, the laws of the State of Tennessee. In the event of any proceedings regarding
this Agreement, venue will be the state courts of Tennessee located in Davidson
County or in the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee.
(Signatures Follow) 
DocuSign Envelope ID: B6B0BB6E-F17F-412D-8C24-DEC1B8B4365D
ARCHIVE


Final (7-8-20) 
In Witness Whereof, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date and year set 
forth above. 
Metropolitan Board of Fair 
Commissioners: 
Chair 
Approved as to Form and Legality: 
Metropolitan Attorney 
The Sports Authority of the Metropolitan 
Government of Nashville and Davidson 
County: 
Chair 
Attest By: 
Secretary 
Walsh Management LLC 
By: _________ _ 
Name: 
Title: '----
- - - - - - - - -
DocuSign Envelope ID: B6B0BB6E-F17F-412D-8C24-DEC1B8B4365D
Vice President
Mary Cavarra
ARCHIVE


Exhibit A 
PREMISES 
(i) 
Block D Stadium 
Being a tract of land lying in Davidson County, Tennessee, also being Block D of the Nashville 
Fairgrounds, and being more particularly described as follows; 
Commencing at an existing concrete monument at the intersection of southerly right-of-way line 
and easterly terminus of Benton Avenue at a comer common with Amy and Mark Wigger, as of 
record in Deed Instrument No. 200106140063176, at the Register's Office for Davidson County, 
Tennessee; 
Thence leaving the southerly right-of-way line of Benton Avenue, South 05 deg 57 min 31 sec 
East, 229.20 feet to a point, being the point of beginning; 
Thence the following calls, North 74 deg 02 min 46 min East, 518.42 feet to a point; South 60 
deg 57 min 14 sec East, 130.70 feet to a point; South 15 deg 57 min 14 sec East, 591.83 feet to a 
point; South 29 deg 18 min 09 sec West, 130.69 feet to a point; South 73 deg 37 min 45 sec 
West, 41.43 feet to a point; South 15 deg 57 min 14 sec East, 42.37 feet to a point; South 74 deg 
02 min 46 sec West, 420.58 feet to a point; North 15 deg 57 min 14 sec West, 42.25 feet to a 
point; South 74 deg 02 min 46 sec West, 56.00 feet to a point; North 15 deg 49 min 55 sec West, 
148.67 feet to a point; South 73 deg 45 min 38 sec West, 22.32 feet to a point; North 15 deg 57 
min 14 sec West 479.38 feet to a point; North 74 deg 02 min 46 sec East, 22.00 feet to a point; 
North 15 deg 57 min 14 sec West, 148.72 feet to the point of beginning, containing 494,115 
square feet (11.34 acres more or less). 
Being part of the same property conveyed to Metropolitan Government of Nashville, as of record 
in Deed Book 400, Page 385, at the Register's Office for Davidson County, Tennessee. 
[Also see parcel 7 and parcel 6b (as may modified) on the attached site map] 
A-7
DocuSign Envelope ID: B6B0BB6E-F17F-412D-8C24-DEC1B8B4365D
ARCHIVE


II 
G Hp ENVIRONMENTAL 
+ARCHITECTURE 
....
....
I I 
.... 
.... 
\ ' 
\ 
I 
I 
I , ..
.,) 
NASHVILLE FAIRGROUNDS 
NASHVILLE, DAVIDSON COUNTY, TN 
1: '2015\15214 44 -Nashville Fairgrownds Mc1sterplan\Fairgrounds8AreasPort ppt 
6c 
7 
8 
9 
Legend 
Fair Park Phase la 
Fair Park Phase lb: Election Comm. 
Fair Park Phase 2 
Speedway Grandstands 
Expo Center 
Demolition (6b,7,8c) 
Benton & Wedgewood Extensions 
Site Improvements 
Service Road 
MLS Soccer Stadium 
Mixed Use (a, b, c) 
Off-Site Improvements 
DocuSign Envelope ID: B6B0BB6E-F17F-412D-8C24-DEC1B8B4365D
ARCHIVE
