| . . “L- 8373150
rr .
; SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT NO. 2
Lease No. DOTFA83S0-13292
AFSS, Nashville, Tennessee
THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT, entered into this  /&’ day of
NLL» nineteen hundred and eighty-four, between the Metropolitan
Nashville Airport Authority, hereinafter called the Lessor, and the United
States of America, acting by and through the DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION,
Federal Aviation Administration, Southern Region, P. 0. Box 20636, Atlanta,
Georgia 30320, hereinafter called the Government;

WHEREAS, it is the desire of the parties to amend FAA Lease No.
DOTFA83S0-13292, dated August 25, 1983, whereby the Lessor grants to the
Government the right to install, operate, and maintain the Automated Flight
Service Station on the Nashville Metropolitan Airport, Nashville,
Tennessee;

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto covenant and agree that said lease
contract is hereby amended as follows without change in the terms and
conditions specified therein unless otherwise herein provided effective
October 24, 1984:

Article 15 is added to the Lease as follows:

15. The Lessor grants the Government the right to install and maintain

additional drainage facilities as shown on FAA Drawings S0-D~3962-C3,

Revision B and SO-D~3962-C8, Revision A, with notes thereon dated .

October 10, 1984, which is hereby made a part of this agreement for any

and all purposes.

All other terms and conditions of the lease and Supplemental Agreement

No. 1 remain unchanged.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have hereunto subscribed their
names as of the date first above written. :

ATTEST: 9% METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE AIRPORT

_ 4 AUTHORITY

ip
: ’ Secretary TITLE: . é

xecutl irector
APPROVED AS TO-FORM~ANDSLEGALITY UNITED STATES QF AMERICA
DEPARTMENT 0; SPORTATION |
Federal Avy4atjon Administration
af $ Cue
Legal Coun YW ane
TITLE> Contracting Officer
Donelson, Stokes & Bartholomew, P.A. 8
First American Center
Nashville, Tennessee 37238


\
+ . oe me 7 . :
- I - oa . t i
4 ee Bo Fe ‘
> Ws woe t
\ .
6 EEG BEN ‘
: — 3 SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMANT NO. 1
bene oe ys bod ett Lease Ho. ROTFAR3S0-13292
. pr + A¥SS, Nashville, Tennessce
ed ere eee i
THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT, entered into this /P% day of
, P2VEMBER nineteen hundred end elghty-three, between the METROPOLITAN
WASHVILLE AIRPORT AUTHORITY, hereinafter called the Lessor, and the United
States of America, acting by and through the DEPARTHENT OF TRANSPORTATION,
Yederal Aviation Administration, Southern Region, P. 0. Box 20634, Atlanta,
Georgia 30326, hereinafter called the Government ;
WHEREAS, it is the desire of the parties to amend FAA Lease
No. DOTPAS3S0-13292, dated August 25, 1983, whereby the Lessor grants to
the Covernment the right to install, operate and maintain the Automated
. Flight Service Station on the Nashville Hetropolitan Airport, Nashville,
Tennessee;
NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto covenant and agree that said Lease
coutract is hereby amended as follows without change in the terms and ,
conditions specified tharein unless otherwise herein provided effective
December 1, 1983:
Article 14 is added to the Lease as follows:
14, The Lessor grants the Government the right to install, operate
and maintain cable from the RT site to the RR site, including
trenching, backfilling, installation of counterpoise and cable marker
as shown on FAA Drawing $0-D-3962~C10 with notes thereon dated
8/15/83, which is hereby made a part of this agreement for any and al}
purposes.
All other terms and conditions of the Lease remain unchanged.
IN WITNRSS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have hereunto subscribed their
names as of the date first above written.
RECOMBENDER: , ’
METKOPOLITAN NASHVILLE AIRPORT
. AUTHORITY
— = re Sve Director j ~
“CUES Ve Director BY: p 4 ) 7 LA ge ae
- TLE: i i
APPEST:. TITLE: _" Vice Chairman
y J ow ~ f Mp
. a <= UNITED STATES OF ANERICA <
MPPROVED 48 2D FORM & LEGALITY: DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION /
A tne EL . Federal Aviat igh-Aininistsg on
»; Ve BY: Ch fp L, ;
Missa, Cree PLE MAA ui Lh is
gal Cdunse 4 : . :
Legal Géunsel TITLE: ‘Contracting Officer -


a= = —
rR AH :

f 7 A, SSS ly an ‘ a
i 8 N \S . >» g N i id \ ‘,
uh Be SONA \ @© j \

ESE FE ROR Se
eS aN Ne
Rar SS,
Le uty fig | ASS !
; . a I] fi Yj ao
Zot ll : ts i H) TN
Gl Ae Kx \ ia ‘—?
AIOE \ [Pe /
eT SSS)
— WS
eee Orr eeres ad
ox. METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE AIRPORT AUTHORITY — ' 1-:-03
[NASHVILLE METROPOLITAN AIRPORT |


lo a aT | | Fr
| anal eee AN |
PREM G de | & ,EEIR = ELE
# fed fete og 8 2] 3 ~ 3 H ;
Pale wae abs Hog TT, | : ls
igh) Hapgagce 2 dl z | be He] be Te
rit ee AL \ sjaghGee ab se (se¥ | bis
gid gp itis NY EER A Sarit Fe TEE a) alee
TH En ee
as bet jue he i i tHE if prara.? Ei oR SETE
if nee wi if a fig i HEE : may Hi bbls:
TE Babin ae 1 iL! i ) AT
oboe: Grol gee at. fee iy <p Tel i if
ze 8 Ege elga phe ote 82 { ‘45
Tih eis | Poa
tps od eb aieg pe 28. ais poepir
bb en fy sek tag BH toed |: po, bores
lin abi rab SEE vot | ae Eg | i ;
coon ses i ERO GE GE H ran
a res De a ae |
Ly? 4
| ce
i OHH | \ ite al Th:
BP OKO. "| Mea NO | fF ag *]
ft 1 @> 4 ff = hi BOR AON N ti a
ESR JP 8 Poe DSA,
a irs eae es et EEE? SL ie eo”
SLA boas ig Hohn |
a me nn re ti a partys
fen et [EN ord VN
SelB a? Geo. |
MA H, G8 ~ : .
Portion: , aN + ~
\ ° hy ne > VSS we Poorocots |.
\ ogi Gbiifiii, , i oy ee =
\ EERE ey \ OM of. — Romans gy
BNO Ey OM MER |b S: ~-~1t [FF
. f . PL EE BS ater rage ee AY THE WE . - ae
i \ pie SRS com |
t ft OT Ts / f 2 ote / 3FE =
PIN UA AES, A\ Wes ai fo HA rte
to NN OM 7 We ob WAE pees t BEF, pp GB ,
Pie Ss re Te Gee at le
4 ACT Te fo isl BEY | EE ay hoa
* Y\ bd LATS fo EEN) | BP dian 3H
r H ) ~~ ; 27, fe rqistisdl
: \\O ites ae oe ty HEH
. Vir kg oN EE ees
i - O# \\aAf i a \ WEEE q ilbch. .
1 > Be : wee Pen PRET ty
/ ; \ Hl j K a a H a : { =|.
aN ; hime | fe |n fal 3f
| (ye Seek i| WAVE! PE is
bof fh ) 2 //,. SQV} EELESPTE &
: , an) -~ fh a aaa > eal nr oY
a ‘>


2
4
7
METRO CLERK
This record was destroyed per |
GRS 102/RDA 287. | |


ee ne 2 oo 2 my _
Bere ow Ft 2S . tat ; : .
Wek ® ‘ . ™ .
ede . . .
Pho oe : : . .
ca, ree cae . Lease No: DOTFA83S0-13292
a Ce . Nashville, TN
* a, Together with a right-of*way for ingress to and egress from the premises; a right-of-way’ or rights-of-way for a
_ establishing and maintaining a pole line or pole lines for extending electr.c power, and telecommunications facilities to the tay t
premises; and right-of-way for subsurface power, communication and water lines to the premises; all rights-of-way to be ve
: over the said lands and adjoining lands of the lessor, and unless herein described by metes and bounds, xaox DyNRMICR :

: reason bbpdexorgn mack pkbIX te HO XB KETC XKGooxormesx, All such rights of way shall be subject .
to approval in writing by lessor and shall be yia the most reasonable and practicable ‘
poutes Beene, 2 ar ebo +E eas other airport requirements. Such written approval shall not |

2 UR ERAS TE vet fk conditioning, and installing drainage facilities, and seeding the soil of the premises, and :

: the removal of all obstructions from the premises which may constitute a hindrance.to the establishment and maintenance .
of air navigation and telecommunications facilities. Installation of drainage facilities shall be compatibl
with other airport drainage plans and facilities and shall be subject to approval of lessor
Such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld. /

. 1 c. And the right to make alterations, attach fixtures, and erect additions, structures, or signs, in or upon the premises .

, * hereby leased, which alterations, fixtures, additions, structures or signs so placed in or upon, or attached to the said .
premises shall be and-femain the property of the Government, and may be removed upon the date of expiration or

: - “termination of this lease, or within ninety (90) days thereafter, by or on behalf of the Government, or its grantees, or
purchasers of said alterations, fixtures, additions, structures, or signs. Upon failure by Government to rewove
all such alterations, fixtures, additions or signs within ninety (90) days following
expiration or termination of this lease, title fo sane shall pass to lessor,

. 2. This lease may, at the option of the Government, be renewed from year to year and otherwise upon the terms and +

_ conditions herein specified. The Government's option shall be deemed exercised and the leage renewed each year for one :

7 ». (1) year unless the Government gives the Lessor thirty (30) days written notice-that it will not exercise its option before this
- lease or any renewal thereof expires; PROVIDED that no renewal ‘shall extend this lease beyond the 30th day of .

! SeptembergQ 203RND PROVIDED FURTHER, that adequate appropriations are available from year to year for the

., payment of rentals.

° 3. The Government shall pay the Lessor xentaifoxsthopremiscsuRxhanomauniof no monetary rental for
the premises for the initial term of this lease or each renewal exercised by the Gov—
ernment heréafter,, it being mutually agreed that the rights extended to the Government :
herein are dn consideration of phe Obligations assumed by the Government in its | ,

, x M&K establishment, operation, aud maintenance of facilities —
upon the premises hereby leased. it is mutually agreed and understood that the premises
will be used only for flight service station functions and that thergewill be no Suplease .
of the premises Without permission of the lessor excep or functions related t

; eas Ben nace A Wa MnO Ree RE INE ‘Povasnenseshersatieg <avmeat if Sy boindd Got ee eat et ore
the operation of the suithenk hecubmissancabipygivesesyauehery flight service station.

4. The Government may terminate this lease, in whole or in part, at any time by giving at least thirty (30)

. days notice in writing to the Lessor, and no rental shall accrue after the effective date of termination. Said notice shall be
sent by certified’or registered mail. In the event the Government shall abandon or discontinue its
use and operation of the premises as contemplated herein or for other reasonably related
activities for a period of one hundred and eighty days, this lease shall be terminated

JOXCKFEEX GHANA K SANSOM RIX HOSEOSS ROOD CRI DKON (GSH ODOT Pllc XHARE COON WAN DOM TRC RCDOM H BIPCOR Ki s
_ SERS ebeL Cho CTH OX DONOTARIEXICA DU ESCH HOST Win EDD ION AOda sa HCC HERI D OK HDA ICS
JERISKUME EK HIE HES RON OE XO ROTEL ODOR HERD ROSH ATR RUE ROSE OX ARK REESE JS RROCHANBESXO
Sheen iexmancek atice witha BCaph alk Heya ne AX eh KeO ONIN RYKORN HIS EEX MHOXAPE OWN HA HAGIHONHS
oo

., ‘agkeenenk hone ne( fed nx suctnesnecmenk Hatton tomercct PRAY SUCmERHtanR Asien sha tboaiSBULERONCCRINR =
aranEoM nk feck Mii Hhemmoana ak Came COLMAR. unless during that period the Government

- notifies lessor in writing that abandonment is not intended and that the Government :
intends’ to reoccupy the premises and resume operations when the condition which caused
‘the temporary-non-use has passed...For each succeeding-six month period of non-use: the

. SPER UG ABE? Bb EPH SuperedaPrevibul Hate Of 4t8 intentions... fie


a _ ; .
Pe Lease No.: DOLFA83S0-13292
_ : Nashville, TN
2 . 6. (a) This lease is subject to the Contract Disputes Act of 1978 (Public Law 95-563).
(b) Except as provided in the Act, all disputes arising under or relating to this lease shall be resolved in accordance
: with this clause. : ‘
(c) (i) As used herein, “claim” means a written demand or assertion by one of the parties seeking, as a legal right,
the payment of money, adjustment or interpretation of lease terms, or other relief, arising under or relating to this lease.

(ii) A voucher, invoice, or request for payment that is not in dispute when submitted is not a claim for the
purposes of the Act. However, where such submission is subsequently not acted upon in a reasonable time, or disputed
either as to liability or amount, it may be converted to a claim pursuant to the Act.

(iii) A claim by the Lessor shall be made in writing and submitted to the Contracting Officer for decision. A
claim by the Government against the Lessor shall be subject to a decision by the Contracting Officer.

(d) For Lessor claims of more than $50,000, the Lessor shall submit with the claim a certification that the claim is
made in good faith; the supporting data are accurate and complete to the best of the Lessor’s knowledge and belief; and the .
amount requested accurately reflects the lease adjustment for which the Lessor believes the Government is liable. The :
certification shall be executed by the Lessor if an individual. When the Lessor is not an individual, the certification shall be
executed by a senior company official in charge at the Lessor plant or location involved, or by an officer or general partner
of the Lessor having overall responsibility for the conduct of the Lessor’s affairs.

(e) For Lessors claims of $50,000 or less, the Contracting Officer must render a decision within 60 days. For Lessor
claims in excess of $50,000, the Contracting Officer must decide the claim within 60 days or notify the Lessor of the date
when the decision will be made. . .

(f) The Contracting Officer’s decision shall be final unless the Lessor appeals or files a suit as provided in the Act.

(g) The authority of the Contracting Officer under the Act does not extend to claims or disputes which by statute
or regulation other agencies of the Executive Branch of the Federal Government are expressly authorized to decide.

(h) Interest on the amount found due on a Lessor claim shail be paid from the date the claim is received by the
Contracting Officer until the date of payment. Interest on the amount found due on a Government claim shall be paid from
the date the claim is received by the Lessor until the date of payment. Interest shall be computed at ten percent (10%) per
annum on the basis of a 365 or 366 day year, whichever applies.

(i) Except as the parties may otherwise agree, pending final resolution of a claim by the Lessor arising under the
lease, the Lessor shall proceed diligently with the performance of the lease and its terms in accordance with the Contracting
Officer's decision. wo ,

j

7, No Member of Congress or Resident Commissioner shall be admitted to any share or part of this lease, or to any
benefit to arise therefrom. ,

8. The Lessor warrants that no-person or selling agency has been employed or retained to solicit or secure this lease
upon an agreement or understanding for a commission, brokerage, percentage or contingent fee, except bona fide
employees or bona fide established commercial or selling agencies maintained by the Lessor for the purpose of securing
business. For breach or violation of this warranty, the Government shall have the right to annul this lease without hability,
or in its discretion to deduct from amounts otherwise due under this lease or other consideration, the full amount of such _
commission, brokerage, percentage, or contingent fee. . ‘

: " . :
FAA FORM 4423-2 Page 3 (8-81) Supersedes Previous Edition AR Cc H IVE


Lease No.: DOTFA83S0~-13292
. Nashville, TN
9. All notices’sent to the parties under the lease shall be addressed as follows: :
To the Lessor: Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority
P. 0. Box 17208, Nashville, Tennessee 37217 .
To the Government: DOT, FAA, Southern Region, ‘ASO-56
P. 0. Box 20636, Atlanta, Georgia 30320 “e
Toke og 10. This lease is subject to the additional:-provisions set forth below, or attached hereto and incorporated herein. These: « *
. additional provisions are identifed as follows: ’
Certain words were added or deleted in the first paragraph on page one and to
Articles 1, 2, 3, 4, 9 and Attachment "A" was added containing continuation of Article 1
and Articles 11, 12, and 13.
Article 5 was deleted in its entirety and the following substituted therefor:
It is hereby agreed between the parties that, upon the termination of its occupancy,
the Government shall have no obligation to restore and/or rehabilitate, either wholly
or partially, the property which is the subject matter of this lease. It is further
agreed that the Government may abandon in place any or all of the structures and
equipment installed in or located upon said property by the Government during its
tenure. Notice of abandonment will be conveyed to the lessor in writing.
.vil> 27+ +. In Witness Wuereor, the parties hereto have hereunto subscribed their names as of the date first above written. .’ ts
: METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE AIRPORT AUTHORITY
_ +... As the holder of a mortgage, dated ETR TAN Ne LLE Do,
. _As the holder of a mortgage, dated ow. ss APPROVED:
, ceteccceeeeeneeceeeeeeeecnnmenncenenneee » FeCOrded in volume . _— ed
a, a a tec Wh Dr brn oneeveeee (LESSON)
; aeveecenewcceceneereneree? PABES oo eee | BOARD -CHATRMAN.
% "against the above-described premises, the undersigned -REGO! DE Dyan ypnnnn nine nccimeenincleneernansune (LeSsOr) :
wee . hereby consents to the foregoing lease and agrees : : y we a
cones that, if while the lease is in force the mortgage is connate ft Made sebeneeeceeacet--... (Lessor) -
bin foreclosed, the foreclosure shall not void the lease. - - f EXECUTIVE . DIRECTOR ‘ ‘
(Mortgagee) . TARY ra ‘
: APPROVED AS TO FORM & LEGALITY: Tue Unrten Stays or AMERICA
. Leasarg Grete MA | Llawierr : . BY Neale’ MEE. annnnnnvennneneeenennnne
: MNAA Legal Coufhsel : :
. Authorized pursuant to Board of Commissioners’. Title Contracting Officer
» dated _f gS .
. Secretary oF . ;
| ~~. FAA FORM 4423-2 Pg. 4 (8-81) Supersedes Previous Edition: - os . -


: BOTFA83S0~13292
ASS
Nashville, Thi
: Attachment "A"
; Article 1 (continued)
LEGAL DESCRIPTION ~ AFSS SITE ‘
A parcel of land located in Davidson County, Tennessee, situated on
Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority property on Nashville Metropolitan
Airport, being described as follows: |
Beginning at an iron pin situated in the aorthern R.O,W, margin of Pilot
Drive; thence with said R,O.W. of Pilot Drive § 53°52'W 392.39 feet to iron
pin, the beginning of a curve to the right; thence with said curve, having
a xadius of 25:0 feet and an interior angle of 90°38', 39.55 feet to an
iron pin; thence W 35°30'W 228.59 feet to an iron pin, the beginning of a
curve to the right; thence with said curve, having a radius of 25,0 feet
and an interior angle of 90°00', 39.27 feet to an iron pin; thence
N 54°30'E 392,34 feet to an-iron pin, the beginning of a curve to the
right; thence with said curve, having a radiue of 25,0 feet and an interior
angle of 90°00', 39.27 feet to an iron pin; thence 5 35°30'R 223,84 feet to
an iron pin, the beginning of a curve to the right; thence with said curve,
having a radius of 25.0 feet and an interior angle of 89°22', 38.99 feet to
the point. of beginning, said tract containing 2.7866 acres, more or less,
and shown on FAA Drawing SO~D-3962~A dated June 29, 1983, which is attached
hereto and made a part of this agreement for any and all purposes.
ll. The Lessor grants the Govarament the right to install paved access
drives across oxisting right-of-way to paved roads adjacent to the leased
area ag way be reasonably required by the Government, subject, however, to
approval by Lessor; Such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld,
12, The Lessor will not abandon nor lease for any other use, the right-of-
way or paved roads, adjacent to the leased area, but will maintain them in
good condition and suitable for use 24 hours per day for as long a6
required by the Government, The Lessor agrees to provide reasonably un-
restricted access to the leased area over paved roade on airport proparty
from adjoining State, County or municipal roads or highways, subject to
normal airport security requirements. Notwithstanding this provision,
however, Lessor reserves the right to substitute alternate access routes of
comparable quality as it may deem necessary for the orderly developwent of
the airport, either temporarily or permanently.

. 13. The Government agrees to operate-undar this lease so as to fully pro-
tect the Lessor and ite environuent from any illegal environmental pollu-~
tion, The Goverament specifically’ agrees to comply with all lawful rules,

pgm a | ARCHIVE


rs 2
regulations, or administrative orders of agencies of the Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County, the State of Tennessee, and ,
the United States aa theese laws, rules, regulations and administrative
ordere may now exist and as they may be hereafter adopted. The Government

. further agrees to defend and hold harmlass the Lessor for any acts or
ommissione in violation of this provision.
INITIALS:
LESSOR Feeney
GOVERNMENT YZ, "
stem ne oc amemeneime on te eapmamnew frmnvmen eageng «+h moment oats eaten arencmtrner on fe out OA TEMA TOTT cree pemcrmmenremran ings come wae ’
. : LOE te On eM OPS MRE AT ne Aree Gaon ARG AIVE
