MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING
BY AND BETWEEN
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY AREA HOSPITALS
AND
NASHVILLE FIRE DEPARTMENT EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES
AND
METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE DEPARTMENT OF EMERGENCY
COMMUNICATIONS
This MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING (MOU) 
is made and entered into this IS"" day
of December 2017 by and between NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY AREA
HOSPITALS (hereinafter called "Area Hospitals"), and NASHVILLE FIRE DEPARTMENT
EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES (hereinafter "NFD EMS"), and METRO NASHVILLE
DEPARTMENT OF EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS (hereinafter "DEC").
This document replaces any previous MOU regarding the subject of patient transport destination
guidelines and diversion guidelines.
It is generally recognized that patients should be transported to the closest, most appropriate
hospital that can care for their specific condition. Many patients may require treatment at
hospitals with special capabilities, i.e. stroke and cardiac centers. It is also recognized that
occasionally the area hospitals become overwhelmed with patients, exceeding the capacity for
physicians and nurses to safely and adequately treat patients. The purpose of this agreement will
address destination guidelines and those times requiring hospital diversion. Federal and state
transfer requirements, state EMS destination guidelines, and other applicable rules are
incorporated into the document.
IT IS AGREED:
1. 
Patient transport guidelines for NFD EMS:
A. Patients will be transported to a hospital within the confines of Nashville
Davidson County.
B. Patients will be transported to the closest, most appropriate facility unless:
i. Patient has a physician at a more distant facility. Patients bypassing a
closer hospital to travel to a more distant facility due to a physician
relationship must have the physician's name reported to the receiving
hospital and recorded on the patient's EMS record.
ii. Patient has a specific condition, i.e. transplant, LVAD, 
recent
postoperative or less than 30 days postpartum, chronic illness, that
requires treatment at more distant facility.
C. NFD EMS recognizes specialized centers for Trauma, Pediatric Emergency Care,
Burn, Chest Pain, Stroke, and Resuscitation Centers.
i. 
Level I and Level II Trauma patients transported per State Trauma
Destination Guidelines.
ii. 
Pediatric patients transported per the Pediatric Destination Guidelines.
iii. 
Burn patients transported to the closest designated burn center.
ARCHIVE


iv. 
STFMI patients transported to the closest Chest Pain Center.
V. 
Stroke patients transported to the closest designated Stroke Center,
vi. 
Cardiac arrest patients having achieved return of spontaneous circulation
(ROSC) 
transported to the closest Resuscitation Center.
D. Transport veterans directly to Veterans' Affairs (VA) Hospital upon request.
2. 
Diversion Guidelines:
A. NFD EMS will abide by the declared diversion status of the hospital except as
noted elsewhere.
B. Advise patient who request to be taken to a facility on diversion that the hospital
is unable to accept additional patients, will result in delayed care that can be
detrimental to the health and safety of the patient, and the patient cannot be
transported there.
C. Type of Diversions:
i. Emergency Department (ED) diversion - 
hospital resources are
committed and cannot accept any additional patients - 
STROKE, STEMI,
CARDIAC ARREST, and critical TRAUMA patients may still be
transported to a hospital that has declared ED diversion if specialized as
such
ii. Obstetrical (OB) 
diversion
iii. Stroke
iv. STEMI
V. Trauma
vi. Total diversion - 
the intent is to stop all patient transports; when
declaring TOTAL diversion, the hospital must qualify the reason for
diversion, i.e. HazMat, power failure, water outage, bomb threat, etc.
D. NFD EMS will honor diversion status. Exceptions are:
i. 
Patient is unstable with unmanageable aimay or hemorrhage.
ii. 
Patient has physician at hospital on diversion status.
iii. 
Patient has specific condition, i.e. transplant, LVAD, 
recent postoperative
or less than 30 days postpartum, or chronic illness requiring treatment at
diversion hospital.
E. EMS Chief may cancel ED diversion when three or more hospitals are on
diversions. The hospital must remain off diversion for at least two hours
thereafter.
F. Diversion status will be cancelled if a Mass Casualty Incident (MCI) has been
declared by the EMS Chief.
3. 
The Metro Nashville Department of Emergency Communications (DEC) 
shall:
A. Receive phone calls from the area hospitals regarding diversion status.
B. Enter diversion information, type of diversion and caller's name, into computer
aided dispatch (CAD) 
software.
C. Notify NFD EMS units and hospitals of the status of hospitals on diversion.
ARCHIVE


4. 
Area Hospitals shall:
A. Determine and establish their own internal, written policies and procedures
regarding census levels and what may constitute their facility requiring a request
for diversion status.
B. Have a diversion avoidance protocol.
C. Designate appropriate and consistent personnel to contact ECC regarding
diversion status.
D. Honor current transfer agreements / mutual aid agi'eements.
E. Comply with state transfer regulations, state EMS destination guidelines,
EMTALA, and provider/payor requirements.
F. Consider hospital diversion only after the hospital has exhausted all internal
mechanisms to relieve the overcrowding situation, due to concern for public
safety and the potential for limiting the ability of NFD EMS to respond to 911
emergency calls.
G. Limit periods of diversion to four hour blocks of time. Another period of
diversion must involve a status reassessment.
H. In cases of extended diversion, i.e. greater than four hours, contact the ECC to
provide confirmation of the hospital's status.
I. Hospitals going on diversion status must do so prior to being notified of an
impending arrival of a NFD EMS transport unit; there shall be no "diversions
while enroute."
J. Notify NFD EMS of any changes in a hospital's capabilities, i.e. changes in
accreditation of stroke center or chest pain center status, no longer accepting OB
or pediatrics, etc.
5. 
Nashville Fire Dejjartment Emergency Medical Services (NFD EMS) 
shall:
A. Provide its personnel a detailed policy regarding the specifics of this MOU and it
shall be incorporated into the department's Operational Procedures and
Guidelines (OPG).
B. Provide its ambulance crews a means to receive hospital diversion status, i.e.
pager, text alerts, etc..
C. Compile a monthly report of all hospital diversions and forward to all area
hospitals.
6. 
Oversight committee shall:
A. Be comprised of the following:
i. 
Representative from each area hospital Emergency Department
ii. 
Hospital administrator, or appointee, from each area hospital
ill. 
NFD Director Chief or appointee
iv. 
NFD EMS Chief
V. 
Nashville Fire Department Medical Director or Assistant Medical Director
vi. 
Department of Emergency Communications director or appointee
vii. 
Other members as necessary
B. Meet quarterly.
ARCHIVE


C. Debrief and critique all diversions.
D. Make recommendations for further enhancements of process.
E. Determine if there are consequences for non-compliance.
7. 
Definitions;
A. Chest Pain Center - 
certified by Society of Cardiovascular Patient Care or Joint
Commission
B. Stroke Center - 
certified by Joint Commission
C. Pcdiatric Destination Guidelines - 
all children deemed critically ill, potentially
seriously ill, or with special health care needs should be ti'ansported to the closest,
most appropriate pediatric emergency department or the pediatfic emergency
department requested by the parents or guardian. Pediatric patients in arrest shall
be transported to the closest pediatric emergency department as long as the patient
can be effectively ventilated. Those children post-arrest having a pulse restored
shall.be transported to the closest pediatric emergency depaifment. Pediatric
trauma patients shall be transported per state EMS destination guidelines.
D. Resuscitation Center - 
facility committing to rapid transport to cardiac
catheterization lab for cardiac arrest patient achieving ROSC and then initiating
targeted temperature management therapy for VF/VT patients achieving ROSC
who do not respond in a meaningful way to verbal stimuli.
8. 
This memorandum may be terminated by either party at any time upon thirty days written
notice.
ARCHIVE


9. Notices and Designation of Agent for Service of Process:
Nashville Fire Department, EMS
William Swann, Director Chief
63 Hermitage Avenue
Nashville, TN 37210
Nashville Fire Department, EMS
Corey M. Slovis, M.D., Medical Director
63 Hermitage Avenue
Nashville, TN 37210
Metro Nashville Department
of Emergency Communications
Michele Donegan, Director
2060 15"" Avenue South
Nashville, TN 37212
Centennial Medical Center
Scott Cihak, CEO
2300 Patterson Street
Nashville, TN 37203
Monroe Carell Jr Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt
Luke Gregory, CEO
2200 Children's Way
Nashville, TN 37232
Nashville General Hospital at Meharry
Joseph Webb, M.D., CEO
1818 Albion Street
Nashville, TN 37208
Southern Hills Medical Center
Joanna Con ley, CEO
391 Wallace Road
Nashville, TN 37211
St. Thomas West Hospital
Don King, CEO
4220 Harding Road
Nashville, TN 37205
Vanderbilt University Hospital
Mitch Edgeworth, CEO
1211 Medical Center Drive
Nashville, TN 37232
Skyline Medical Center
Steve Otto, CEO
3441 Dickcrson Pike
Nashville, TN 37207
St. Thomas Midtown Hospital
Don King, CEO
2000 Church Street
Nashville, TN 37236
Summit Medical Center
Brian P. Marger, CEO
5655 Frist Blvd.
Hermitage, TN 37076
Tennessee Valley Healthcare System
Veteran's Affairs Hospital
Jennifer L. Vedral-Baron
Health System Director
1310 24"' Avenue South
Nashville, TN 37212
ARCHIVE


RECOMMENDED BY:
LJjl (S—
William Swann, Director Chief
Nashville Fire Department
Scott Cihak, CEO
Centennial Medical Center
Joseph Webb;M.D., CEO
Nashville General Hospital at Meharry
Joanna Conley, CEO
Southern Hills Medical C< 
sr
Corey M. Slovis, M.D., Medical Director
Nashville Fire Department
Luke
Monroe Carell Jr. CEildren's Hospital
at Vanderbilt
Steve Otto, CEO
Skyline Medical Center
ion King, CE(1
St. Thomas Midtown, West Hospitals
Brian P. Marger, CEO
Summit Medical Center
IVfitch Edge^rtfirCEO
Vanderbilt University Medicai-Center
Jennifer LWedral-Baron, Health Services Director Michele Donegan, Director
Tennessee Valley Healthcare System, VA Hospital Metropolitan Nashville Emergency
Communications Center
ARCHIVE


APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY
BY: (lnf3i\A^
Metropolitan Attorney
FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE METROPOLITAN CLERK:
Metropolitan Clerk
Date Filed: 
2 1 2018
ARCHIVE
