METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE 
POLICE DEPARTMENT 
NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE 
SECONDARY EMPLOYMENT UNIT 
SEU CONTRACT JUSTIFICATION 
BUSINESS NAME 
AND TYPE 
PHYSICAL 
LOCATION OF 
ASSIGNMENT 
ASSIGNMENT 
JUSTIFICATION 
APPROVING SEU 
SUPERVISOR 
Metro Election Commisson 
800 2nd Ave. South Nashville, TN 37210 (Contract Renewal) 
Security /Traffic Control 
An Internationally Accredited Law Enforcement Agency 
ARCHIVE


L-4454
MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING BETWEEN 
THE METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE POLICE DEPARTMENT AND 
Metropolitan Election Commission 
FOR EXTRA DUTY POLICE SERVICES 
IJ-4/833 
This Memorandum of Understanding ("Memorandum") is entered into on this 1st day of July 
2020, by and between the Chief of Police of the Metropolitan Nashville Police Department 
(hereinafter "MNPD"), and Metropolitan Election Commission (hereinafter "Contractor"). The 
Chief of Police and/or his/her designee shall exercise the authority of MNPD. 
1. Purpose: The purpose of this Memorandum is for MNPD to provide increased police 
services by assigning extra duty officers, in addition to regularly assigned officers, at events or 
activities conducted by Contractor within the area of the Metropolitan Government area by a 
Metropolitan Government Contractor or department, at the cost of the Contractor. 
2. Term. This term of this Memorandum shall commence July 1, 2020 and shall end on June 
30, 2021. 
3. Event/ Activity: MNPD shall assign police officer(s) and police vehicle(s), as requested, 
available, and as deemed appropriate by MNPD, to provide security services at the activity or 
event. In the event of disagreement on the number of officers needed or the need for supervisory 
officers, the determination of MNPD's Secondary Employment Unit personnel shall be final. 
Services may also be provided on a periodic, as needed basis during the term of this Memorandum. 
4. 
Designated Contact: Inquiries by Contractor shall be directed to MNPD's Secondary 
Employment Unit during normal business hours at (615)-880-3278 or at the following website: 
http ://www.nashville.gov/Police-Department/Online- ervices/Employ-
U-Ofticers.aspx. 
Problems, cancellations, emergencies, or inquires after normal business hours shall be 
directed to the Secondary Employment Unit after-hours cell phone at (615) 485-6737. 
5. Supervision of Officers: While the Contractor may request police services under this 
Memorandum, it shall not impose itself within the MNPD's chain of command. Officers shall be 
under the direction of MNPD and shall comply with all orders, rules, and regulations of MNPD 
and Metro's Civil Service Commission while assigned to work under this Memorandum. No 
provision of this Memorandum of Understanding shall be interpreted as conflicting with the 
customary policies and procedures of the MNPD with regard to supervision, chain of command, 
or other authorities. Officers will only engage in police related duties. 
6. Unsatisfactory Pe1formance: In the event Contractor is not satisfied with the performance 
of an officer providing services pursuant to this Memorandum, Contractor shall contact a SEU 
supervisor. 
7. Availability of Officers/Vehicles: This Memorandum does not guarantee the availability 
of officers, whose participation is on a volunteer basis and in accordance with MNPD policies, or 
the availability of vehicles or other equipment, but rather specifies the terms and conditions of the 
assignment of officers and vehicles under this Memorandum. 
The Chief of Police and his/her designee have the discretion to determine the number of 
police officers, the type of supervision, the number of police vehicles, and any other equipment 
that will be provided. MNPD shall notify the Contractor as soon as is practicable in the event that 
1) fewer police officers and/or vehicles and/or other equipment than requested are available for 
assignment, or 2) the Chief of Police or his/her designee determines that for reasons of safety and 
security additional officers or vehicles or other equipment shall be assigned to an event or activity 
(at the Contractor's expense). "Other equipment" means equipment other than that ordinarily used 
by a patrol officer, and when a vehicle is assigned, "other equipment" includes equipment other 
than that ordinarily carried in/on the assigned vehicle. 
[N0346!34 I) 
ARCHIVE


In the event of an emergency of sufficient severity or magnitude, as determined by the 
Chief or his/her designee, the Chief of Police or designee reserves the right to return to regular 
service any officers and/or equipment provided under this Memorandum. If replacements are not 
available, the Contractor will only be charged for the services and/or equipment actually provided. 
8. Compensation: 
In consideration of the services provided under this Memorandum, 
Contractor agrees to pay MNPD for providing the services. All officers working under this 
Memorandum will be voluntary participants; therefore, the time they work is over and above their 
normal police department assignments. All hours worked by officers under this Memorandum will 
be billed according to the rates specified in Attachment "A" or its current revision. Rates are 
subject to change, and charges will be based upon the rates in effect at the time services are 
provided. In the event of a rate change, a revised Attachment "A" reflecting the modified rates 
will be forwarded to the Contractor. 
Use of police vehicles (marked and unmarked cars and motorcycles) shall be billed in 
accordance with Attachment "A". These rates are also subject to change. 
MNPD personnel assigned to work pursuant to this Memorandum shall be in an on-duty 
status and shall be paid through the MNPD payroll. A two-hour minimum will be paid to officers 
scheduled to work. In the event a scheduled shift is canceled with less than two hours of notice, 
the two-hour minimum will apply. 
MNPD's Secondary Employment Unit will send the Contractor an invoice every thirty 
days, if applicable, detailing the relevant charges. The Contractor shall promptly reimburse MNPD 
the costs of providing services under this Memorandum, upon receipt of an invoice detailing the 
relevant charges. Charges will be based upon the rates in effect at the time services are provided. 
9. Termination: Either party may terminate this Memorandum at any time upon thirty (30) 
days written notice to the other party. 
10. Compliance with laws: The Contractor agrees to comply with all applicable federal, state, 
and local laws and regulations. 
11. Notices: All notices or other written communications relating to termination, expiration, 
or any other legal matter relating to this Agreement will be effective when received and must be 
given in writing to either party at the following address ( or to such other address as such party may 
substitute, by providing a written notice): 
MNPD: 
The Secondary Employment Unit 
(SEU) 
Metropolitan Police Department 
600 Murfreesboro Pike 
PO Box 196399 
Nashville, TN 37219-6399 
Contractor: Metropolitan Election 
Commission 
Contractor: Metropolitan Election 
Commission 
Attn: Rick Brown 
Address: 800 Second Avenue South 
Nashville, TN 37210 
12. Waiver: No waiver of any provision of this Memorandum shall affect the right of any party 
thereafter to enforce such provision or to exercise any right or remedy available to it in the event 
of any other default. 
13. Assignment: Consent Required. Neither this Memorandum nor any of the rights and 
obligations of either party hereunder shall be assigned or transferred in whole or in part without 
the prior written consent of the other party. Any such assignment or transfer shall not release 
Contractor from its obligations hereunder. 
14. No Private Right: This is an internal agreement of The Metropolitan Government of 
Nashville and Davidson County, and it is not intended to and does not confer any right or benefit 
to any private person or any other entity., 
(N0346134 I) 
ARCHIVE


8-18-2020
15. Entire Memorandum/Modification: This Memorandum sets forth the entire agreement 
between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall govern the respective duties 
and obligations of the parties. This Memorandum may be modified only by written amendment 
executed by all parties and their signatories hereto. 
16. Effective Date: This Memorandum shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been 
signed first by the Contractor and then by the authorized representatives of MNPD and has been 
filed in the Office of the Metropolitan Clerk. When it has been signed and filed, this Memorandum 
shall be effective as of the date first written above. 
METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE 
POLICE DEPARTMENT: 
~ 
Anderson, Chief of Police 
DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE: 
Approved as to Availability of Funds: 
l ~~ 
Cv-wSt, I~ 
Director of Finance 
7 
APPROVED AS TO RISK AND INSURANCE 
8&~~66 
Director tfflnsurance 
DEPARTMENT OF LAW: 
Approved as to Form and Legality: 
1.~~ 
FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE 
METROPOLITAN CLERK: 
Metropolitan Clerk 
Date Filed: ---
{N0346134.I) 
CONTRACTOR: 
Metropolitan 
Election 
(title) 
ARCHIVE


Rates Effective 7/1/19 to 6/30/21 
ATTACHMENT "A" 
ATTACHMENT TO THE 
MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING 
FOR EXTRA DUTY POLICE SERVICES 
Effective !FILL IN APPROPRIATE DATE], Metro Government entities utilizing the 
extra-duty services of Metro police officers shall reimburse The Metropolitan Government 
of Nashville and Davidson County in accordance with the following hourly rates: 
HOURLY RATES FOR METRO CONTRACTORS 
I 
RANK 
OVERTIME FLAT RATE 
HOLIDAY FLAT RATE 
Police Officer $70.00 
$85.00 
Sergeant 
$81.00 
$98.00 
Lieutenant 
$88.00 
$108.00 
Captain 
$98.00 
$128.00 
VEHICLE RATES FOR METRO CONTRACTORS 
I 
Type: 
OVERTIME FLAT RATE 
HOLIDAY FLAT RATE 
Marked Car 
$4.50 (Each Hour) 
$4.50 (Each Hour) 
Motorcycle 
$3.00 (Each Hour) 
$3.00 (Each Hour) 
NOTE: 
These rates are subject to change and charges will be calculated using rates in effect at 
the time services are provided. 
{N0346134.l} 
ARCHIVE
