A. Purpose
MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING 
Between 
The Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority 
and 
Davidson County Sherifr s Office 
The purpose of this Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) is to facilitate collaboration 
between the Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority (MNAA) and the Davidson County 
Sheriff's Office (AGENCY). 
All parties recognize MNAA's need for qualified emergency personnel and services, along 
with logistical support to fulfill requirements of ongoing critical incident operations and the 
ability of AGENCY to provide said personnel and services. 
Through the partnership that emerges from this MOU, the organizations agree to work in good 
faith to accomplish the following: AGENCY Special Operations Response Team will assist 
with emergency situations to provide security, perimeter security and movement of personnel. 
B. Terms of this Agreement
I. m ·cotive Dale
This agreement is made and entered into effective as of the date set forth on the signature page 
(the "Effective Date") and shall last for a period of two (2) years from Effective Date. The 
agreement may be extended by mutual written consent. 
. Requ st for A.sistanc 
The MNAA will request assistance through the designated AGENCY representatives or point 
of contact. At no time will the MNAA directly deploy AGENCY. 
As information becomes available, MNAA will provide AGENCY with desired type and 
quantity of qualified personnel and/or services needed, as well as the location of the critical 
emergency incident operation(s). 
. Response to Request 
Upon notification of such request by the MNAA, the designated AGENCY representatives 
receiving the request shall determine the appropriate type and quantity of personnel and/or 
support services required. AGENCY shall activate the necessary member(s) and/or services to 
A-42892
ARCHIVE


fulfill the MNAA request. In the event the needed personnel and/or services are not available, 
AGENCY will advise the MNAA requestor of such fact immediately. 
4. D ·ploymcQl ime Frame
AGENCY agrees to make every effort in good faith to fulfill the request(s) within a reasonable 
time period. 
5. Command/Access Control
The MNAA shall maintain the organization and direction of all crisis management operations 
involving the airport jurisdictions as outlined in the Metropolitan Nashville and Davidson 
County Comprehensive Emergency Management Plan. Under extraordinary conditions/events, 
MNAA and AGENCY will use the unified command system to facilitate necessary operations. 
AGENCY personnel are to be considered emergency volunteers during deployment periods. 
By enacting this MOU, AGENCY agrees to successfully complete the MNAA identification 
process, as necessary, and thereby obtain MNAA access media which will be displayed when 
operating on airport property. 
6. Practice
AGENCY personnel deployed under this agreement may practice within and only within the 
confines established by documented AGENCY policies, procedures and protocols. AGENCY 
are responsible for making available practice guidelines in the form of AGENCY established 
protocols as well as patient and/or client documentation / forms. AGENCY is responsible for 
immediately notifying designated MNAA personnel of any changes in established AGENCY 
protocols. 
7. Liability
AGENCY retains all liability for the actions or inactions of AGENCY and its personnel 
deployed under this agreement, and for any cause of action or claim arising from AGENCY'S 
actions or inactions, and such personnel are not and shall not be considered employees of 
MNAA. 
R. 1 IIPAA ompljnnce
To the extent AGENCY have access to protected health information in the course of 
performance pursuant to this agreement, AGENCY will comply with all obligations and 
requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and 
its accompanying regulations. 
9. Compcn ntion
The assistance extended under this agreement and any operational plans adopted pursuant to it 
shall be without reimbursement. 
I 0. Agreement Nol E. elusive 
This agreement is not intended to be exclusive between the parties hereto. Any of the parties 
hereto may, as they deem necessary or expedient, enter into separate agreements with any other 
party or parties. Entry into such separate agreement shall not, unless specifically stated therein, 
affect any relationship or covenant herein contained. 
2 
ARCHIVE


I I. Termination of 
1HC<m1e11t 
Either party may terminate its participation in this agreement by providing written notice 30 
working days' notice prior to the intended termination date. Termination of said agreement 
shall not in any way affect the establishment of future collaborations between involved parties. 
,U. 
(,I crnjng Lav 
This agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Tennessee, and any action 
between the parties arising from this agreement shall be maintained in the courts of Davidson 
County, Tennessee. 
13. All ci;al Pr vision In luded
The parties intend and agree that all legal provisions of law that are required to be included in 
this agreement shall be deemed to be included. If by mistake or otherwise some provision is 
not included or is not included in its proper form, then either party may apply to amend the 
agreement to comply strictly with the law and without prejudice to the rights of either party. 
14. Insurance
The Metropolitan Government of Davidson County is self-insured for most potential losses. The 
Code of Laws of the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County Tennessee 
provides in Article I Section 2.40.100 that the metropolitan attorney is authorized to settle any 
property damage claim against the Metropolitan Government for an amount not in excess of 
fifteen thousand dollars, and any other type of claim against the metropolitan government for an 
amount not in excess of five thousand dollars. 
3 
ARCHIVE


15. Nor ices. /\ppro als. Consent - All notices, approvals, consents, demands, requests and
other communications required or permitted by this agreement must be in writing to be
effective and personally delivered or sent to the addresses set forth below:
ToMNAA: 
AGENCY: 
President & CEO 
Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority 
140 BNA Parle Drive, Suite 520 
Nashville, TN 37214-4114 
Department of Public Safety 
Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority 
Nashville International Airport 
140 BNA Park Drive, Suite 520 
Nashville, Tennessee 37214-4114
And to: 
Davidson County Sheriff's Office 
P.O. Box 196383 
Nashville, Tennessee 37219-6383 
4 
ARCHIVE


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this MOU as of the ___ day 
of 
____ _,. 2021. The Parties have signed this MOU in multiple copies, each of which is 
an original. 
DAVIDSON COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE 
By:-----------
Title: _______ _ __ _ 
APPROVED AS TO FORM 
&LEGALITY: 
Theodore G. Morrissey 
A VP - Legal Counsel ----
5 
ARCHIVE


THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY 
SIGNATURE PAGE 
_
_-
· 
'7ilffr
= '
Daron I l±eriff 
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS: 
Kelly Flannery, Director
Department of Finance 
APPROVED AS TO INSURANCE 
REQUIREMENTS: 
Director of Insurance 
Metropolitan Government 
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY: 
Assistant Metropolitan Attorney 
FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE 
METROPOLITAN CLERK: 
Metropolitan Clerk 
(N013241' I I 
Date 
Date 
Date 
Date 
Date 
September 1, 2021
10/19/2021
August 31, 2021
October 21, 2021
ARCHIVE
