SMALL BUSINESS INCENTIVE GRANT CONTRACT
BETWEEN THE INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT BOARD OF THE
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
AND 
.
A.Riay Hospitiallty
This Small Business Incfentive Grant Contract (the "Grant Contract") issued and entered into pursuant to
Metropolitan Code of Laws Section 2.212.020 et. seq. (the "Act") by and between the industrial
Development Board of the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County ("Board") and^
.
 ;A.Ray Hospitality (the "Recipient") for the purpose of encouraging economic development within the
boundaries of The Metropolitan Government.
A. 
SCOPE OF PROGRAM:
A.I. 
The Recipient represents that it is a Qualified Small Business as defined by the Act; The grant
application submitted by the Recipient and any of its amendments is attached hereto and made a
part thereof.
A.2. 
The Recipient shdil use the grant funds to reimburse documented expenditures related to the
:
 abquisition, preparation or dccupancy of office space and other facilities,: cdsts of moving to or
relocating within the area of the metropolitan governrnent, and or costs associated with employee
training at property located at 408 38"^ Aye N, Ndshviiie, TN 37209 (the "Project"); .
A.3. 
The grant funds shall be deterrnined by multiplying the number of new Full-Time Jobs, defined
herein, at the Project site during the Grant Contract Term by the amount pf five hundred dollars
\
 ($i5PP), and/or seven hundred fifty dollars ($750) for each newiy-ernpioyed veteran; but 1n no
/2/ 
event shall the grant funds exceed fifty thousand dollars ($50,000). Full-Time Job shall mean a
job provided by the Recipient at the Project site at which the emjaioyed person is conipensated for
working at least thirty hours per week.
B. 
GRANT CONTRACT TERM: :
B.1. 
Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant shall Commence On 8/28/2017 and end on June 30,
2018; The Board shall have no obligation for services rendered by the Recipient which are not
performed within this term.
C. 
PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDiTiONS: ;
C.I. 
Maximum Liability, in no event shall the maximum liability of the Board under thjs Grant Contract
exceed fifty thousand dpllars ($50,000), This amount shall constitute the; rnaximum Grant
Amount available to the Recipient by the Board. The maximum liability of the Board is riot subject
to escalation for any reason. The Board's maximurri liability is subject to the appropriation of
funds by the lyietrppolitan Council.
C.2. 
Payment Methodology. The Recipient shall be compensated for actual costs as evidenced by
expenditure receipts, not to exceed the maximum liability established in Section C.I.
Ail invoices shall be sent to the Director of the Mayor's OiFflce of Ecoriomic and Corrimunity
Development. Said payment shall not exceed the maximum liability of this Grant Contract.
Final invoices for the coritract period should be received by Metro Payitient Seryiceis by July 15,
2018. Any invoice not received by the deadline date will riot be processed and ail remaining
grant funds will expire.
C.3. 
Annual Expenditure Report. The Recipient shall submit a final grant Annual EXperiditufe Report
within 45 days of the end of the Grant Contract. Said report shall be in form and substarice
acceptable to the. Board and shall be prepared by a Certified Public Accounting Firrh or the Chief
Financial Officer of the Recipient.
ARCHIVE


C.4. 
Payment of Invoice. The payment of any invoice by the Board shali not prejudice the Board's
right to object to the invoice or any matter in relation thereto. Such payment by the Board shall
neither be construed as acceptance of any part of the work or service provided nor as an
approval of any of the costs included therein.
C.5. 
Unallowable Costs. The Recipient's invoice shall be subject to reduction for amounts included in
any invoice or payment theretofore made which are deterrriihed by the Board, on the basis of
audits or monitoring conducted in accordance with the terrhs of this Grant Contract, to constitute
unallowable costs.
0.6. 
Clawback. Payments made to Recipient shall be subject to ciawback for amounts included in any
invoice or payment theretofore made which, after review of the Annual Expenditure Report, the
Board determines are not consistent with the terins of this grant contract or Metropolitan Code of
Laws Section 2.212.030.
D. 
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDiTiONS:
D.I. 
Reouired Approvals. The Board is not bound by this Grant Contract until it is approved by the
appropriate representatives as indicated on the signature page.
D.2. 
Modification arid Amendment. This Grant Contract may be modified only by a written
amendment.
p.3. 
Termination for Cause. Should the Recipient fail to properly perforrri its obligations under this
Grant Contract or if the Recipient violates any terms of this Grant Contract, the Board shall have
the right to immediately terminate the Grant Contract and the Recipient shalj not be entitled to
any grant funds not actually received as of the termination date. The Recipient shall also return to
the Board any and all funds expended for purposes contfaiy to the terrris of the Grant Contract.
Such termination shall not relieve the Recipient of any liability to the Board for damages
sustained by virtue of any breach by the Recipient.
D.4. 
Conflicts of Interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount shall be paid
directly prjridirectiy to an employee or official of the Board or the Metropolitan Government as
wages, compensation, or gifts in exchange for acting as an officer, agerit, employee,
subcontractor, or consultant to the Recipient in connection with any work contemplated or
performed relative to this Grant Contract.
D.5. 
Nondiscrimination. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrarits, and assures that no. person shall be
excluded from participation in, be denied, beriefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination
in the performance oHhis Grant Contract or in the employment practices of the Recipient on the
grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or ariy other classification
which is. in violation of applicable laws. The Recipient shall, ujDon request, show proof of such
nondiscrimination and shell post in conspicuous places, available to ail employees and
applicants, notices of nondiscrimination.
D.6. 
Records. The Recipient shall maintain documentation for all charges to the Board under this
Grant Coritract. The books, records, and documents of the Recipient, insofar as they relate to
work performed or money received under this Grant Coritract, shall be maintained for a period of
three (3) full years from the date of the final payment or until the Recipierit erigages a licensed
independent pubjic accountant to perform an audit of its activities.. The books, records, and
documents of the Recipient insofar as they relate to work performed or money received under this
Grant Coritract shall be subject to audit at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by
the. Board or its duly appointed representatives. Records and financial statements shall be
maintained and prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
D.7. 
Monitoririq. The Recipient's activities conducted and records maintained pursuant to this Grant
Coritract shall be subject to monitoring and evaluation by the Board or the Board's duly appointed
representatives. The Recipient shall make all audit, accounting, or financial records, notes, and
ARCHIVE


other docuitients pertinent to this grant available for review by the Board or the Board's duly
appointed representatives, upon request, during normal working hours.
D.8. 
Strict Performance. Failure by the Board to insist in any one or more cases upon the strict
performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement shall not
be construed as a waiver or reiinquishment of any such term, covenant, condition, or provision.
No term or condition of this Grant Contract shall be held to be waived, modified, or deleted except
by a written amendment by the appropriate parties as indicated on the signature page of this
Grant Contract.
D.9. 
insurance. The Recipient agrees to carry adequate pubiic iiabiiity and other appropriate forms of
insurance, and to pay ali appiicable taxes incident to this Grant Contract.
D.10. Board Liabilitv. the Board shall have no liability except as specificaliy provided in this Grant
Contract,
D. 11. Independent Contractor. Nothing herein shali iri any way be construed of intended to create a
partnership or joint venture between the Recipient and the Board or to create the relationship of
principal and agent between or among the Recipient and the Board. The Recipient shall not hold
itself put in a manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph, the Board Shall not become liable
for any representation, act, or omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph.
D. 12. Indemnification and Hold Harmless.
(a) Recipient shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Board and the Metropolitan
Government, its officers, agents and employees from any claims, damages, penalties, costs and
attprney fees fer injuries or damages arising, in part pr in whple, from the negiigent or intentional
acts of omissions of Recipient, its offiPers, employees and/or agents, including its sub of
independent contractors, in connection with the performance of the contract, and any ciaims,
damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees arising from any failure of Recipient, its officers,
emplpyees and/or agents, including its sub or independent contractors, to observe applicable
laws, including, but not limited to, labor laws and minimum wage iaws.
(b) Neither the Board nor the Metropolitan Government wili indemnify, defend or hold harmless in
any fashion the Recipient from any claims, regardless of any language in any attachment or other
dbcurnent that the Recipient may provide.
(c) Recipient shall pay the Bpard and/or the Metropolitan Government any expenses incurred as
a result of Recipient's failure to fulfill any pbligation iri a professional and timely manner under this
Grant Contract.
(d) Recipient's duties under this section shall survive the termination or expiration of the Grant
Contract.
D.I 3. Force Maieure: The obligations of the parties to this Grant Contract are subject to prevention by
causes beyond the parties' control that could not be avoided by the exercise of due care
including, but not limited to, acts of God, riots, wars, strikes, epidemics or any other similar cause.
D.14. State. Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with all applicable federal,
state and local laws and regulations in the performance of this Grant Contract.
D.I 5. Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction and effect of this Grant Contract and any
and all extensions and/or modifications.thereof shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The venue for legal action concerning this
Grant Contract shali be in the courts of Davidson County, Tennessee.
D.16. Completeness. This Grant Contract is complete and contains the entire understanding between
the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein, including all the terms and conditions
of the parties' agreement. This Grant Contract supersedes any and all prior understandings,
3
ARCHIVE


representations, negotiations, and agreements between the parties reiating hereto, whether
written or oral.
D.17. Headings. Section headings are for reference purposes only and shaii not be construed as part
of this Grant Contract.
D. 18. Assignment—Consent Required. The provisions of this contract shaii inure to the benefit of and
shall be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Except for
the rights of money due to Recipient under this contract, neither this contract nor any of the rights
and obligations of Recipient hereunder shall be assigned or transferred in whole or in part without
the prior written consent of the Board. Any such assignment or transfer shall not release
Recipient from its obligations hereunder; Notice of assignment of any rights to money due to
Recipient under this Contract must be sent to the attention of the Metro Department of Finance.
D.I 9. Gratuities and Kickbacks, it shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or
agree to give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to
solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept frorn another person, a gratuity or an offer of
ernployment in connection with any decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation,
preparations of any part of a program requirement or a purchase request, influencing the content
of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any
other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim
or controversy in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or
controversy or other particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or
subcontract or to any solicitation or proposal therefore. It shall be a breach of ethical standards
for any payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor
under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor oir a person associated
therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach of the provisions of
this paragraph is, in additiori to a breach of this contract, a breach of ethical standards which may
result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or suspension from participation in
Metropolitan Government contracts.
D,20. Communications and Contacts: Ail instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other
communications from the Recipient required or contemplated by this Grant Contract shall be in
writing and shall be made by facsimile transmission, or by first class mall, addressed to the
respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or address as set forth below or to such
other party, facsimile number, or address as may be hereafter specified by written notice.
The Board:
Mayor's Office of Economic
and Community Development
Director
PC Box 196300
Nashville, TN 37219-6300
(615) 862-6021 phone, (615) 862-6025 fax
Copy to:
Department of Law
Director
PC Box 196300
Nashville, TN 37219-6300
(615) 862-6341 phone, (615) 862-6353 fax
ARCHIVE


Recipient:
Name
Title 
(ioo 
, 
/
Company Name 
VAo-sp.
Address '/Of 3S^Ay£
Address 
S7Z0^ 
'
Teiephone/Fax 6i'S~'boQ,'7ir(^
Effective Date. This contract shaii not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed first by the
Recipient and then by the authorized representatives of the Board and has been filed in the office of the
Metropolitan Clerk. When it has been so signed and filed, this contract shaii be effective as of
THE INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT BOARD
OF THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHViLLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY:
RECIPIENT:
Secretary 
1/
RECOMMENDED BY:
Director of Mayor s Office of Economic and
Community Development
Title;
Sworn to and subscribed to before me a Notary
Public, this,^ffldav
of AMuiCt 
I 201.7
ion expires
^ : 
STATE 
*.
-
 : OF 
•. t
I
 . TENNESSEE I -
1 . notary . -
^ \ PUBLIC / ^
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY
^^^^sistant Metropolitan Attorney
FILED:
SEP 22 2017
Metropolitan Clerk
ARCHIVE
