: ‘ -&7- 0
1-81-4107 |—REGEIVED
MAY 2 9 2007
FIRST AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMEN METROPOLITAN
LERK

THIS AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT (the “Amendment”) is dated as of
the Ist day of May, 2007 (the “Effective Date”), by and between THE METROPOLITAN
NASHVILLE AIRPORT AUTHORITY, a public corporation existing under the laws of the
State of Tennessee (the “Lessor”), and AVIS RENT A CAR SYSTEM, INC., a Delaware
corporation (the “Lessee”).

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Lease Agreement, dated April 24, 1987 (the “Initial
Lease”), by and between Lessor and Motorent, Incorporated, a Tennessee corporation (the
“Original Tenant”), Lessor leased certain premises to Original Tenant at the Nashville
International Airport, as more particularly described therein; and

WHEREAS, Lessee is the successor-in-interest to Original Tenant under the Initial
Lease, as amended or modified; and

WHEREAS, the Initial Lease, as assigned, amended or modified prior to the date of this
Amendment, is sometimes herein referred to as the “Original Lease”, and the Original Lease, as
further amended by this Amendment, is herein referred to as the “Amended Lease”; and

WHEREAS, Lessor and Lessee desire to add the property described in EXHIBIT “A”
hereto (the “Additional Property”) to the description of the “Assigned Area” as defined in the
Original Lease and to provide additional terms and conditions relating to the leasing of the
Additional Property by Lessor to Lessee;

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Lessor and Lessee
hereby agree as follows:

1. The recitals set forth above are hereby incorporated into and made a part of this
Amendment.

2. Lessor and Lessee hereby acknowledge and agree that references in the Original
Lease to “Nashville Metropolitan Airport” shall mean “Nashville International Airport”.

3. Lessor and Lessee hereby agree to add the Additional Property to the “Assigned
Area” as described in the Original Lease, effective as of 12:01 am. on May 1, 2007 (the
“Turnover Time”).

4. Effective as of the Turnover Time, the rent due under the Amended Lease shall be
increased by an amount (the “Additional Property Rent”) equal to Fifty-Two Thousand Two
Hundred Seventy and No/100 Dollars ($52,270.00) per year of the term of the Amended Lease,
payable in equal monthly installments together with the rent otherwise due under the Amended
Lease, as it may be extended pursuant to the terms thereof; provided, however, that the


Additional Property Rent due under the Amended Lease (but no other rent due under the
Amended Lease) shall be abated until the date (the “Rent Abatement Termination Date”) on
which the total amount of Additional Property Rent abated equals Two Hundred Fifty-Two
Thousand Six Hundred Thirty-Eight and No/100 Dollars ($252,638.00) (the “Aggregate
Abatement Amount”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the abatement of Additional Property
Rent shall be subject to the following:
(a) No abatement of the Additional Property Rent shall occur under
the Amended Lease until the Turnover Time, and Lessee shall not be entitled to
any credit for Additional Property Rent paid prior to the commencement of the
abatement of the Additional Property Rent;
(b) Lessee hereby grants to Lessor the right to off-set against the
Aggregate Abatement Amount the amount of any liabilities or obligations of
Budget Rent A Car System, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Other Tenant”),
under the Lease Termination Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2007, by and
between Lessor and Other Tenant, and to reduce the Aggregate Abatement
Amount accordingly. In the event that Lessor exercises such right of off-set, the
abatement and reduction of the Additional Property Rent pursuant to the
application of the Aggregate Abatement Amount shall be suspended until such
time, if any, as Lessor has recovered the amount off-set against the Aggregate
Abatement Amount;
(c) To the extent that Lessee has not invested at least Forty Thousand
and No/100 Dollars ($40,000.00) in capital improvements to the existing
improvements on the Additional Property within thirty (30) months after the
Turnover Time and in compliance with the terms of the Amended Lease, the
Aggregate Abatement Amount shall be reduced by an amount equal to Forty
Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($40,000.00) minus the value of such capital
improvements actually completed by Lessee during such thirty (30) month period
and proved to the reasonable satisfaction of Lessor;
(d) In the event that the term of the Amended Lease expires or is
terminated prior to the date on which the Rent Abatement Termination Date
would otherwise have occurred in the absence of such expiration or termination,
Lessor shall have no obligation to refund or pay to Lessee any portion of the
Aggregate Abatement Amount which had not been abated prior to such expiration
or termination of the term of the Amended Lease;
(e) After the Rent Abatement Termination Date, the Additional
Property Rent shall be due and payable in monthly installments in accordance
with the terms of the Amended Lease;
.
ee
| ARCHIVE


(f) The Additional Property Rent is not subject to adjustment pursuant

to numbered Paragraph 4.2 of the Original Lease during the term of the Amended

Lease, as it may be extended in accordance with the terms of the Amended Lease;

and

(g) The provisions of numbered Paragraph 4.2(c) of the Original Lease

also shall not apply to the increase in the aggregate rent due under the Amended

Lease resulting from the addition of the Additional Property Rent to the rent

otherwise due under the Original Lease at the Turnover Time.

5. Lessor hereby represents and warrants that Lessor is the owner of the Additional
Property and has the legal right and title to lease such Additional Property to Lessee pursuant to
the Amended Lease. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THE PRECEDING
SENTENCE, LESSOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE ADDITIONAL PROPERTY. LESSEE
HEREBY ACCEPTS THE ADDITIONAL PROPERTY IN ITS “AS IS, WHERE IS AND
WITH ALL FAULTS” CONDITION, AND LESSOR SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.

6. Each reference to “Lessees” in numbered Paragraphs 3.6, 3.7 and 8.11 of the
Original Lease is hereby deleted and a reference to “lessees” is hereby inserted in lieu therefor in
each instance.

7. Each reference to “Lessee” in numbered Paragraph 3.6 of the Original Lease is
hereby deleted and a reference to “lessee” is hereby inserted in lieu therefor in each instance.

8. Lessor and Lessee acknowledge and agree that the reference to “3% acres” in
numbered Paragraph 4.1 of the Original Lease and the reference to “2% acres” in numbered
Paragraph 4.4 of the Original Lease were approximations and the actual square footage of the
“Assigned Area” as defined in the Original Lease is set forth in the description of such property
set forth in EXHIBIT “B” hereto. Lessee further acknowledges and agrees that Lessee is
obligated to pay the per-square-foot rental rate due under the Amended Lease for all of the
property described in EXHIBIT “B” hereto.

9. Each reference to “Concessionaire” in numbered Paragraphs 6.14 and 14.2 of the
Original Lease is hereby deleted and a reference to “Lessee” is hereby inserted in lieu therefor in
each instance.

10. | The word “were” in the third line from the top of numbered page 21 of the
Original Lease is hereby deleted and the word “where” is hereby inserted in lieu therefor.

11. Lessee hereby acknowledges and agrees that existing improvements are located
on the Additional Property and Lessee intends to utilize such existing improvements at and after
the Turnover Time. Certain provisions of the Original Lease, which contemplated the
construction of improvements by Lessee on portions of the “Assigned Area” as described in the
Original Lease, must be modified (i) to reflect the improved condition of the Additional Property
at the time possession thereof is delivered to Lessee and (ii) to provide that Lessee is not entitled

3
ARCHIVE


to any payments under the terms of the Amended Lease with respect to improvements that were
existing on the Additional Property at the Turnover Time. Therefore, Lessor and Lessee hereby
acknowledge and agree that the terms of the Original Lease shall be amended, or deemed to be
amended, in order to be consistent with the following:

(a) Lessor shall have no responsibility for any site preparation work
with respect to the Additional Property within the meaning of numbered
Paragraph 5.1 of the Original Lease.

(b) The improvements existing on the Additional Property at the
Turnover Time shall be excluded from the term “leasehold improvements” as
used in numbered Paragraph 6.20 of the Original Lease.

(c) In the event that Lessee elects not to reconstruct or rebuild
damaged or destroyed improvements that were existing on the Additional
Property at the Turnover Time to the extent permitted by numbered Paragraph
12.2 of the Original Lease, Lessee shall not be entitled to any portion of the

_ insurance proceeds relating to such improvements that were existing on the
Additional Property at the Turnover Time, notwithstanding the provisions of
numbered Paragraph 12.2 of the Original Lease.

(d) In the event of a termination of the Amended Lease as described in
numbered Article XIII of the Original Lease, Lessee shall not be entitled to
receive any funds or compensation from Lessor with respect to the improvements
that were existing on the Additional Property at the Turnover Time,
notwithstanding the provisions of numbered Paragraph 13.4 of the Original Lease.

(e) Lessee shall not be entitled to receive any funds or compensation
from Lessor with respect to the improvements that were existing on the
Additional Property at the Turnover Time, notwithstanding the provisions of
numbered Paragraphs 14.13, 14.14 and 14.15 of the Original Lease.

(f) Lessee shall not be entitled to any portion of a condemnation
award or settlement that relates to the improvements that were existing on the
Additional Property at the Turnover Time, notwithstanding the provisions of
numbered Paragraphs 15.1 and 15.2 of the Original Lease.

12. The phrase “paragraph 16.1” in numbered Paragraph 14.6 of the Original Lease is
hereby deleted and the phrase “Paragraph 17.1 hereof” is hereby inserted in lieu therefor.

13. The first sentence of numbered Paragraph 24.5 of the Original Lease is hereby
deleted and the following is hereby inserted in lieu therefor:

“All notices to the Authority required by this Agreement shall be in writing

addressed to the President, The Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority, One

Terminal Drive, Suite 501, Nashville, Tennessee 37214, or any other address

furnished to the Lessee, in writing, by the Authority; and all notices to the Lessee

so required shall be addressed to:

4


or any other address furnished to the Authority, in writing, by the Lessee.”

14. _ The contents of EXHIBIT “A” to the Original Lease are hereby deleted and the
phrase “[EXHIBIT “A” was intentionally left blank.]” is inserted in lieu therefor.

15. The current exhibits to the Original Lease labeled EXHIBIT “B” and EXHIBIT
“B-1” are hereby deleted and EXHIBIT “B” to this Amendment is substituted in lieu therefor.

16. It is the intent of Lessor and Lessee that, in the event the terms of this
Amendment conflict with the terms of the Original Lease, the Original Lease shall be considered
amended and modified to the extent necessary to eliminate such conflict and to carry out the
intended purposes of this Amendment. All terms and provisions contained in the Original Lease
as heretofore existing, and consistent with the terms and provisions of this Amendment, shall be
and remain in force and effect and are hereby ratified, approved and confirmed.

17. _ In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this Amendment shall be
held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability
shall not affect any other provision hereof, but this Amendment shall be construed the same as if
such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein.

18. This Amendment may be executed by all parties in one or more counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed and original, and all of such counterparts together shall constitute one
and the same instrument.

|
ae


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Lessor and Lessee have executed this First Amendment, by
and through their duly authorized officers or representatives, as of the Effective Date.

LESSOR:

METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE

AIRPORT AUTHORITY “Authority”
ATTEST/SEAL: APPROVED:
APPROVED AS TO FORM
& LEGALITY:
Robert Watson, Esq. Raul Regalado, C.A.E. |!
Sr. Vice President & Chief Legal Officer President & CEO
RECOMMENDED:
M. O. Burgess, Jr. .E.
Senior Vice Presi & CO

LESSEE:
AVIS RENT A CAR SYSTEM, INC.
ATT. 3
By: A : Va By: LGM, LF, 4
Name: Name
Robert Bouta, Senior Vice President
2 For Properties & Facilities for Avis Budget Car Rental, LLC
Assistant Secretary: Robert Muhs Title:_ an authorized representative of Avis Rent A Car System, LLC
6


STATE OF TENNESSEE
COUNTY OF DAVIDSON
Before me, , a notary public of the state
and county mentioned, personally appeared James H. Cheek, III, with whom I am personally
acquainted (or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence), and who, upon oath,
acknowledged himself to be Chairman of The Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority, the within
bargainor, a Tennessee corporation, and that he as such Chairman, being authorized so to do,
executed the foregoing instrument for the purpose therein contained, by personally signing the name
of the corporation as Chairman.
Witness my hand and seal, at office in Nashville, Tennessee, this day of
, 2007.
NOTARY PUBLIC
My Commission Expires:
[SEAL]
STATE OF TENNESSEE
COUNTY OF DAVIDSON
Before me, Jay ee A : Ly lle WAY , a notary public of the state
and county mentioned, personally appeared Raul L! Regalado, with whom I am personally
acquainted (or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence), and who, upon oath,
acknowledged himself to be President of The Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority, the within
bargainor, a Tennessee corporation, and that he as such President, being authorized so to do,
executed the foregoing instrument for the purpose therein contained, by personally signing the name
of the corporation as President. |
Witness my hand and seal, at office in Nashville, Tennessee, this AJA day of
May, 2007. witty
C\ any HO "4 ") Mg)
SK ee ent Ti ff
VASES: Y WEE IC
| NOEAEY PUB OF = 0
My Commission Expires:__/ 3/20 Ut = i TENNESSEE ? =
ZB % notary f =
4, NBG S
“ty Oy rroeeae AS
Abssass
7


EXHIBIT “A”

Beginning at a point the east margin of service road “B”, the northwest corner of the Avis
Rental Car Lease; thence N 25° 29’ 26” E 37.91’; thence N 54° 26’ 20” E 70.47’; thence N 82°
52’ 25” E 97.87’; thence N 66° 12’ 03” E 51.20’; thence N 58° 52’ 14” E 50.85’; thence N 89°
20° 14” E 161.14’; thence S 6° 02’ 41” E 168.66’ to the west margin of Donelson Pike; thence
along the said west margin on a curve to the left, Delta = 6° 15’ 27”, Radius = 1475.00’, a length
of 161.09’, to the north east corner of the Avis Rental Car Lease; thence along the north line of
the Avis Lease N 64° 31’ 17” W 419.30’ to the beginning, containing 84,291.69 sq. ft. or 1.94
acres +/-.
Being part of the property conveyed to The Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority (a/k/a
Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority) by deed recorded in Book 4440, Page 758, recorded
in the Office of the Register of Deeds for Davidson County, Tennessee.

ARCHIVE


EXHIBIT “B”

Beginning at a point in the west margin of service road “B”, the southwest corner of this
description; thence along said service road “B” N 4° 47’ 34” W 202.90’; thence with a curve to
the right, Delta = 30° 17’ 00”, radius = 59.42”, a length of 31.41’; thence N 25° 29 26” E
458.77 to the southwest corner of the Alamo Rental Car Lease; thence along Alamo’s south line
S 64° 31’ 17” E 419.30’ to the west margin of Donelson Pike; thence along said west margin on
a curve to the left, Delta = 5° 27’ 25”, Radius = 1475.00’, with a length of 140.48’; thence
leaving said west margin S 31° 08’ 04” W 56.42’; thence S 8° 39’ 36” W 210.93”: thence S 44°
15’ 39” W 57.74’; thence S 85° 26” 42” W 424.59” to the beginning, containing 256,869.87 sq.
ft. or 5.90 +/- acres.

Being part of the property conveyed to The Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority (a/k/a
Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority) by deed recorded in Book 4440, Page 758, recorded
in the Office of the Register of Deeds for Davidson County, Tennessee.

ARCHIVE
