^ 
_ 3<??3 7
GRANT CONTRACT
BETWEEN THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
AND
Music City Productions, Inc.
This Grant Contract issued and entered into pursuant to Ordinance No. BL2017-722, and Resoiution No.
RS2018-11^5"
3"*^ between the Metropoiitan Government of Nashviiie and Davidson County
("Metro"), and Music City Productions, inc. ("Recipient"), is for the provision of activities to foster
economic deveiopment and job creation in Davidson County.
A. 
SCOPE OF PROGRAM:
A.1. 
The Recipient wiii use the grant funds to support the production of the show Nashville (the
"Production") within the geographicai boundaries of the Metropoiitan Government of Nashviiie
and Davidson County (the "City") in such a manner as to showcase and promote the City.
B. 
GRANT CONTRACT TERM:
B.1. 
Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant Contract commences on its effective date and
ends on June 30, 2018. Metro wiii have no obiigation for services rendered by the Recipient that
are not performed within this term.
C. 
PAYMENT terms AND CONDITIONS:
C.1. 
Maximum Liability, in no event wiii Metro's maximum iiabiiity to the Recipient under this Grant
Contract exceed Six Hundred Twenty-Five Thousand doiiars ($625,000).
Subject to modification and amendments as provided in section D.2 of this agreement, this
amount wiii constitute the Grant Amount and the entire compensation to be provided to the
Recipient by Metro.
C.2. 
Payment Methodology.
Upon progress toward the completion of the work, as described in Section A of this Grant
Contract, the Recipient shaii submit quarterly invoices, as applicable, with the final invoice
submitted no later than May 31, 2018. Any invoice not received by the deadline date wiii not be
processed and ail remaining grant funds wiii expire.
Recipient must send all invoices to Metro Payment Services, PO Box 196301, Nashville TN
37219-6301.
C.3. 
Certification. The Recipient must submit a certification, including supporting documentation,
along with the invoices described in section C.2 of this agreement. Such certification must attest
to the fact that for at least 11 episodes of Season 6 
of the Production which aired on GMT, a
majority of the production was performed in the City. The certification and supporting
documentation must be in form and substance acceptable to Metro and must be signed by an
officer of Recipient. Failure to comply with this section shaii be a material breach of this Grant
Contract.
C.4. 
Payment of Invoice. The payment of any invoice by Metro wiii not prejudice Metro's right to
object to the invoice or any other related matter. Any payment by Metro wiii neither be construed
as acceptance of any part of the work or service provided nor as an approval of any of the costs
included therein.
{N0169S06.2}
ARCHIVE


C.5. 
Unallowable Costs. The Recipient's invoice may be subject to reduction for amounts included in
any invoice or payment theretofore made which are determined by Metro, on the basis of audits
or monitoring conducted in accordance with the terms of this Grant Contract, to constitute
unallowable costs.
0.6. 
Deductions. Metro reserves the right to adjust any amounts which are or become due and
payable to the Recipient by Metro under this or any contract by deducting any amounts which are
or become due and payable to Metro by the Recipient under this or any contract.
0.7. 
Electronic Payment. Metro requires as a condition of this Grant Contract that the Recipient
have on file with Metro a completed and signed "ACH Form for Electronic Payment". If Recipient
has not previously submitted the form to Metro or if Recipient's information has changed.
Recipient will have thirty (30) days to complete, sign, and return the form. Thereafter, all
payments to the Recipient, under this or any other contract the Recipient has with Metro, must be
made electronically.
D. 
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
D.1. 
Required Approvals. Metro is not bound by this Grant Contract until it is approved by the
appropriate Metro representatives as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.
D.2. 
Modification and Amendment. This Grant Contract may be modified only by a written
amendment that has been approved in accordance with all Metro procedures and by appropriate
legislation of the Metropolitan Council.
D.3. 
Termination for Cause. Should the Recipient fail to properly perform its obligations under this
Grant Contract or if the Recipient violates any terms of this Grant Contract, Metro will have the
right to immediately terminate the Grant Contract and the Recipient must return to Metro any and
ail grant monies for services or programs under the grant not performed as of the termination
date. The Recipient must also return to Metro any and all funds expended for purposes contrary
to the terms of the Grant.
D.4. 
Subcontracting. The Recipient may not assign this Grant Contract or enter into a subcontract
for any of the services performed under this Grant Contract without providing the prior written
notice to Metro. Notwithstanding any use of approved subcontractors, the Recipient will be
considered the prime Recipient and will be responsible for all work performed.
D.5. 
Conflicts of Interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount will be paid
directly or indirectly to an employee or official of Metro as wages, compensation, or gifts in
exchange for acting as an officer, agent, empioyee, subcontractor, or consultant to the Recipient
in connection with any work contempiated or performed relative to this Grant Contract.
D.6. 
Nondiscrimination. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person will be
excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination
in the performance of this Grant Contract or in the employment practices of the Recipient on the
grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other classification
which is in violation of applicable laws. The Recipient must, upon request, show proof of such
nondiscrimination and must post in conspicuous places, available to all employees and
applicants, notices of nondiscrimination.
D.7. 
Records. The Recipient must maintain documentation for all charges to Metro under this Grant
Contract. The books, records, and documents of the Recipient, insofar as they reiate to work
performed or money received under this Grant Contract, must be maintained for a period of three
(3) full years from the date of the final payment or until the Recipient engages a licensed
independent public accountant to perform an audit of its activities. The books, records, and
{N0169S06.2}
ARCHIVE


documents of the Recipient insofar as they relate to work performed or money received under this
Grant Contract are subject to audit at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by Metro
or its duly appointed representatives. The financial statements must be prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles.
D.8. 
Monitoring. The Recipient's activities conducted and records maintained pursuant to this Grant
Contract are subject to monitoring and evaluation by The Metropolitan Office of Financial
Accountability or Metro's duly appointed representatives. The Recipient must make all audit,
accounting, or financial records, notes, and other documents pertinent to this grant available for
review by the Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability, Internal Audit or Metro's
representatives, upon request, during normal working hours.
D.9. 
Strict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist in any one or more cases upon the strict
performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement is not a
waiver or relinquishment of any such term, covenant, condition, or provision. No term or condition
of this Grant Contract is considered to be waived, modified, or deleted except by a written
amendment by the appropriate parties as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.
D.10. Insurance. The Recipient agrees to carry adequate public liability and other appropriate forms of
insurance, and to pay all applicable taxes incident to this Grant Contract.
D.11. Metro Liability. Metro will have no liability except as specifically provided in this Grant Contract.
D. 12. Independent Contractor. Nothing herein will in any way be construed or intended to create a
partnership or joint venture between the Recipient and Metro or to create the relationship of
principal and agent between or among the Recipient and Metro. The Recipient must not hold
itself out in a manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph. Metro will not become liable for any
representation, act, or omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph.
D. 13. Indemnification and Moid Harmiess.
(a) Recipient agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Metro, its officers, agents and
employees from any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees for injuries or damages
arising, in part or in whole, from the negligent or intentional acts or omissions of Recipient, its
officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or independent contractors, in connection
with the performance of the contract, and any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney
fees arising from any failure of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub
or independent contractors, to observe applicable laws, including, but not limited to, labor laws
and minimum wage laws
(b) Metro will not indemnify, defend or hold harmless in any fashion the Recipient from any
claims, regardless of any language in any attachment or other document that the Recipient may
provide.
(c) Recipient will pay Metro any expenses incurred as a result of Recipient's failure to fulfill any
obligation in a professional and timely manner under this Grant Contract.
(d) Recipient's duties under this section will survive the termination or expiration of the grant.
D.14. Force Majeure. The obligations of the parties to this Grant Contract are subject to prevention by
causes beyond the parties' control that could not be avoided by the exercise of due care
including, but not limited to, acts of God, riots, wars, strikes, epidemics or any other similar cause.
D.I5. State, Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with all applicable
federal, state and local laws and regulations in the performance of this Grant Contract.
{N0169506.2}
ARCHIVE


D.16. Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction and effect of this Grant Contract and any
and all extensions and/or modifications thereof will be governed by and construed In accordance
with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The venue for legal action concerning this Grant
Contract will be in the courts of Davidson County, Tennessee.
D.17. Completeness. This Grant Contract is complete and contains the entire understanding between
the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein, including all the terms and conditions
of the parties' agreement. This Grant Contract supersedes any and all prior understandings,
representations, negotiations, and agreements between the parties relating hereto, whether
written or oral.
D.18. Headings. Section headings are for reference purposes oniy and wili not be construed as part of
this Grant Contract.
D. 19. Assignment—Consent Required. The provisions of this contract wili inure to the benefit of and
will be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Except for
the rights of money due to Recipient under this contract, neither this contract nor any of the rights
and obligations of Recipient hereunder may be assigned or transferred in whole or in part without
the prior written consent of Metro. Any such assignment or transfer will not release Recipient
from its obligations hereunder. Notice of assignment of any rights to money due to Recipient
under this contract must be sent to the attention of the Metro Department of Finance.
D.20. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It will be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or
agree to give any empioyee or former empioyee, or for any empioyee or former employee to
solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a gratuity or an offer of
employment in connection with any decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation,
preparations of any part of a program requirement or a purchase request, influencing the content
of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any
other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request for ruiing, determination, claim
or controversy in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or
controversy or other particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or
subcontract or to any solicitation or proposai therefore. It will be a breach of ethical standards for
any payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor under
a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or a person associated therewith,
as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach of the provisions of this
paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of ethicai standards which may
resuit in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or suspension from participation in
Metropolitan Government contracts.
{N0169506.2}
ARCHIVE


D.21. Communications and Contacts. All instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other
communications from the Recipient required or contemplated by this Grant Contract must be in
writing and must be made by facsimile transmission, or by first class mail, addressed to the
respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or address as set forth below or to such
other party, facsimile number, or address as may be hereafter specified by written notice.
Metro
For contract-related matters:
Director of Economic and
Community Development
PO Box 196300
Nashville, TN 37219-6300
(615) 862-6021 phone
For enquiries regarding invoices:
Office of Management & Budget
700 2"° Avenue South, Suite 201
PO Box 196300
Nashville, TN 37219-6300
(615) 862-6509, (615) 880-2800 fax
Recipient
D.22.
Music City Productions, Inc.
2700 Colorado Avenue
Santa Monica, CA 90404
Attn: Sandra Stern
(310) 449-9200
Effective Date. This contract will not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed first by
the Recipient and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government and
has been filed in the office of the Metropolitan Clerk. When it has been so signed and filed, this
contract will be effective as of the date of filing with the office of the Metropolitan Clerk.
(THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK.)
{N0169506.2}
ARCHIVE


THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON
COUNTY:
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF
FUNDS:
Director of Finance
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND
LEGALITY
RECIPIENT: Music City Productions, Inc.
Metropolitan Attorney 
J
APPROVED AS TO RISK AND
INSURANCE:
Title:
Sworn to and subscribed to before me a Notary
Public, this 
^day
of 
201_
Notary Public
^
 /\l &S<iCT~
4
My Commission expires.
sr.>
DirectoWf Insurance
FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE CLERK:
Metropolitan Clerk 
Z l ZUIK
{N0169506.2)
ARCHIVE


'
 i
received
MAY 0. 1 2018
DIRECTOR OF FINAMCE
ARCHIVE


CALIFORNIA ALL-PURPOSE ACKNOWLEDGMENT
CIVIL CODE § 
1189
A notary public or other officer completing this certificate verifies only the identity of the individual who signed the
document to which this certificate is attached, and not the truthfulness, accuracy, or validity of that document.
)
State of California
County of Los
On korA 
XOl'i 
before me, '4t:re.w\y
Date 
I 
Here Insert Name and Title of the Officer
personally appeared «^bl\v\ C-l/Xyiovx
before me, 'Agrie.w\y L^a.rleS \JoJvr A^l-a/y ^
IfC
icf Tib
Name(s) of Signer(s)
who proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the person(s) whose name(s) is/are
subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she/they executed the same in
his/her/their authorized capacity(ies), and that by his/her/their signature(s) on the instrument the person(s),
or the entity upon behalf of which the person(s) acted, executed the instrument.
I certify under PENALTY OF PERJURY under the laws
of the State of California that the foregoing paragraph
is true and correct.
JEREMY CHARLES VAD^^
Commission # 
2138226 C
Notary Public - Caiifornia 1
Los Angeles County 
g
^ 
My Comm. Expires Dec 24.20191
WITNESS my hand and official seal.
Signature.
Signature of Notary Public
Place Notary Seal Above
OPTIONAL
Though this section is optional, completing this information can deter alteration of the document or
fraudulent reattachment of this form to an unintended document.
Description of Attached Document
Title or Type of Document: ^
Number of Pages: 
Signer(s) Other Than Named Above:
Capacity(ies) Claimed by Signer(s)
Signer's Name:
Do
Signer's Nam
cument Date:
□ Corporate Officer — Title(s):
□ Partner — □ Limited □ General
□ Individual 
LTJ Attorney in Fact
□ Trustee 
□ Guardian or Conservator
□ Other:
Signer Is Representing:
e: 
■
□ Corporate Officer — Title(s):
□ Partner — □ Limited □ General
□ Individual 
LJ Attorney in Fact
□ Trustee 
□ Guardian or Conservator
□ Other: 
^
Signer Is Representing:
©2014 National Notary Association • www.NatibnalNotary.org • 1-800-US NOTARY (1-800-876-6827) 
Item #5907
ARCHIVE
