 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF  
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE 
METROPOLITAN BOARD OF FAIR COMMISSIONERS 
 
LICENSE AGREEMENT 
 
This license agreement (“License” or “Agreement”) is entered into by and between the 
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, Tennessee (“Metro”), acting by 
and through the authority delegated to the Board of Fair Commissioners  (“Licensor” or 
“Fairgrounds”), and Track Enterprises (“TE” or “Licensee”), an Illinois LLC having a 
principal business address of PO Box 79, Macon, IL 62544, as of the date this Agreement is 
approved by all required parties and filed in the Metropolitan Clerk's Office (the “Effective 
Date”). 
THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS: 
 
1. Definitions 
For the purposes of this Agreement and the activities authorized herein, the terms listed below 
shall have the specialized meanings as contained within this Agreement.  
 
A.  “TE Motorsport Events”:  Competitive motorized racing events include but are not 
limited to stock car, ARCA, and truck series. 
 
B. “TE Motorsport Track Activity”: Any motorized practice, test, qualifying activity, or 
other use of the Motorsport Event Space involving driving a racing vehicle other than 
a TE Motorsport Event.  
i. TE Motorsports Track Activity and TE Motorsport Events shall be referred to 
collectively as “TE Motorsports”. 
 
C. “Fair Board Events”:  Events held, hosted by, or contracted with the Fair Board, 
including but not limited to films projected onto video screens located on the stage, 
circus acts, conventions, trade shows, family shows, banquets, athletic and other 
competitions and tournaments, examinations, rehearsals, dances, television tapings, 
and concerts.  
 
D. “Premises”: The area comprising the Fairgrounds located at 625 Coliseum Way, 
Nashville, TN.  
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
A-48115
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
E. “Motorsport Event Space”: The grandstands, concourse, Speedway, and the parking lot 
area adjoining the entrance to the tunnel that provides access to the infield in the center 
of the Speedway, on the Premises, a map of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A and 
made a part hereto for all purposes. 
 
F. “Race Weekends”: Projected dates identified for 2025 TE Motorsports are listed in 
Exhibit B of this Agreement and may be updated with the consent of and in 
coordination with the Fairgrounds Executive Director and Fairgrounds campus 
partners. 
2. Duties and Responsibilities 
 
A. Licensor agrees to provide access and use of the Premises for the purposes of 
conducting TE Motorsport Events and TE Motorsport Track Activities (collectively, 
“TE Motorsports”) at the Motorsport Event Space. 
 
B. Licensee agrees to provide TE Motorsports at the Motorsport Event Space. 
 
2.1. Scope of Activities to be Performed by Licensee 
A. Engagement. Licensor authorizes and otherwise engages Licensee to perform TE 
Motorsports consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.   
 
B. Control.  Licensor, as the Premises manager, shall have control and authority over the 
day-to-day operations of the Premises, including the Motorsport Event Space, and 
Licensee agrees to coordinate with Licensor in performing its TE Motorsports, 
consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  During TE Motorsports, 
Licensee shall provide and pay for staff, security, equipment, fire and medical services 
and such other services that it may require.  
 
C. Rules and Policies. Licensee shall follow all policies and guidelines of Fair Board that 
are applicable to the Premises, including the Motorsport Event Space, including such 
policies and guidelines that are established or modified after the execution of this 
Agreement. Fair Board policies and guidelines currently in effect are deemed approved.  
Licensor shall provide reasonable notice to Licensee in writing of any proposed 
amendment to its policies and guidelines.  
 
D. Activities to be Performed.  Licensor agrees to allow Licensee to use the Motorsport 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
Event Space on dates to be determined and agreed to by both parties for 2025. If TE 
wishes to pursue Motorsport Events outside of the size, class, or type scheduled within 
the past three (3) years, TE must first present the proposal to the Fair Board for 
consideration. 
 
Dates of up to 25 potential track rentals shall be submitted to Licensor prior to the first 
practice of the season. Changes to the schedule must be submitted to Licensor at least 
five days in advance. 
 
For each Race Weekend, use of the Motorsport Event Space on Friday shall be for TE 
Motorsport Track Activity. Use of the Motorsport Event Space on Saturday shall be for 
TE Motorsport Events.  Use of the Motorsport Event Space on Sunday shall only be 
available for use as TE Motorsports if a weather occurrence has caused a postponement 
on the previous day’s TE Motorsport.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the Race 
Weekends designated for the ARCA Event and All American 400 event, a TE 
Motorsport may occur on Sunday. 
 
E. TE Race Responsibilities. Consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, 
Licensee shall perform the following duties:  
 
1. sell tickets for all TE Motorsport Events;  
2. collect and remit to the proper governmental authorities any taxes, including, but 
not limited to, sales tax, where such taxes arise out of goods or services sold by 
Licensee as part of TE Motorsport Events;  
3. negotiate, administer, and execute in TE’s name any agreements reasonably 
necessary for the performance of TE Motorsport Events, where such agreements 
may include licenses, occupancy agreements, sponsorship agreements, rental 
agreements, booking commitments; provided, however, that such agreements are 
otherwise consistent with the terms of this Agreement;  
4. book talent for TE Motorsport Events to be held at the Motorsport Event Space, 
paying all talent and artist costs and deposits associated with such booking, 
consistent with the subsection below entitled “Booking Rights”;  
5. produce TE Motorsport Events and bear all costs associated with such production; 
6. utilize such entities as may be under contract with Licensor to provide services to 
the Motorsports Event Space, where such services may include, but are not limited 
to, venue food and/or beverage management; and 
7. engage in such advertising, solicitation and other action reasonably necessary as 
Licensee deems necessary or appropriate in connection with the performance of TE 
Motorsport Events.  
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
 
F. Noise Restrictions and Curfews. The Parties agree as an essential term and 
consideration of this Agreement that they must work in good faith to ensure that 
consideration is given to operate TE Motorsports in a manner that minimizes 
disturbances to the surrounding residential and business community.  Accordingly, 
Licensee agrees to the following noise and curfew requirements:   
 
1. Licensee shall ensure that all vehicles operating on the racetrack for all TE 
Motorsports are equipped with properly functioning mufflers. All vehicles must 
operate mufflers that meet the standards as agreed to by the Parties and Licensee 
must provide criteria and procedures for authenticating compliance with these 
standards to Licensor.   
2. Licensee shall monitor and record all noise levels during TE Motorsports, with all 
results reported to Licensor. During the term of the Agreement, Licensee will make 
reasonable efforts to ensure that decibel levels associated with TE Motorsports as 
measured in the grandstand do not exceed levels (99dB) as further agreed to and 
specified by Licensee and Licensor.  
3. No later than March 1, 2025, TE shall agree to provide the Fair Board with the 
following: (i) identify specific part numbers for acceptable, required mufflers to be 
used by all vehicles, as well as set forth specific criteria and procedures for 
authenticating compliance with muffler use requirements and (ii) identify specific, 
agreed noise limits as called for under this subsection (F). Enforcement of specified 
muffler use shall be consistent and the responsibility of TE as defined in Exhibit C 
and the Nashville Fairgrounds Speedway General Rules. Enforcement actions shall 
include, but are not limited to, driver penalties up to and including disqualification. 
4. Curfews 
a. Licensee shall have the right to schedule up to 25 track rentals (“Track Rentals”) 
starting at 3:00 pm and ending no later than 7:00 pm for the purpose of TE 
Motorsport Track Activities. 
b. If there is a weather delay or other emergency, as confirmed by Licensor, that 
prevents use of the Speedway for more than twenty (20) minutes, then the Track 
Rental curfew may be extended until 7:30 pm.   
c. On Fridays of Race Weekends, all TE Motorsport Track Activity shall begin no 
earlier than 3:00 pm if school is in session and end no later than 9:00 pm.   
d. On Saturdays of Race Weekends, all TE Motorsports shall begin no earlier than 
12:00 pm unless prior approval is granted by Licensor or the Executive Director 
of the Fairgrounds. No Saturday TE Motorsport Event shall extend later than 
11:00 pm understanding that the target end time is 10:00 pm. 
e. All other TE Motorsports Events scheduled for Sundays may only occur 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
between the hours of 12:00 pm and 7:00 pm unless prior approval is granted by 
Licensor or the Executive Director of the Fairgrounds.   
5. For each Race Weekend, use of the Motorsport Event Space on Friday and Saturday 
shall be for TE Motorsport Track Activity. Use of the Motorsport Event Space on 
Sunday shall only be available for use as TE Motorsports if a weather occurrence 
has caused a postponement on the previous day’s TE Motorsport.  Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, for the Race Weekends designated for US Legends Spring Nationals 
and Battle of Broadway may occur on Thursday and the All American 400 event 
may occur on Sunday. 
6. TE shall pay to the Fair Board, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, the sum 
of $500 for first offense, $1,000 for second offense and $2,500 for third offense, in 
the event vehicles are allowed to operate without required specified mufflers. 
Thereafter, any further violation will result in termination of this agreement. 
7. Licensee agrees to participate in monthly meetings held March through October 
with the Neighborhood Impact Advisory Committee (“NIAC”), once established. 
Track Rentals must be booked and communicated to Licensor and the NIAC at least 
five (5) days in advance of the rental.   
2.2. Access and Use of Premises  
A. Use and Access. This Agreement governs the use of and access to the Premises and 
Motorsport Event Space by Licensee.  Excepted from this Agreement is the suite of 
office and meeting rooms located on the second floor of the Grandstand building. 
Additionally, space located within the Grandstand Building shall be made available to 
Licensor upon request and by mutual agreement. 
B.  Ownership is retained by Metro. At all times Metro shall retain ownership of the 
Premises, including fixtures, control room equipment, and any furniture and decor 
contained therein, and the real property on which the Motorsport Event Space is 
situated.  No real property interest is conveyed to Licensee under this Agreement. 
Including the load-in and load-out thereof, at the Premises, access to the Motorsport 
Event Space may be restricted by Licensee to include only patrons, Licensee staff and 
such others as Licensee may authorize. However, in all such circumstances, personnel 
Metro deems necessary or desirable to provide Metro services for any event shall be 
allowed access to the Motorsport Event Space to perform such services. The parties 
agree that Metro personnel shall at all times have access to every part of the Motorsport 
Event Space to protect Metro’s interests in public health, safety and welfare and to carry 
out such other governmental duties as Metro may assign them.  
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
C. Premises not to be used as security. Licensee shall not pledge or permit the Premises or 
Motorsport Event Space to be used as security for any loan or obligation of Licensee 
and shall not permit the filing of any lien against the Premises or Motorsport Event 
Space on account of any work performed by or for Licensee or any contract to which 
Licensee is a party.  In the event a lien is filed against the Premises or any part thereof 
relating to any agreement made by Licensee, Licensee shall promptly cause such lien 
to be removed by filing an appropriate bond. 
3. AGREEMENT TERM 
3.1. Agreement Term 
 
The Effective Date of this Agreement is the date the Agreement is approved by all required 
parties and filed in the Metropolitan Clerk's Office.  Unless terminated earlier pursuant to the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall be for a period of 
one (1) year. 
 
4. COMPENSATION 
 
4.1. Lease Payments  
 
1. Rent, Rates and Revenue. 
     a.     Licensee agrees to remit the following Rental Fees to Licensor: 
1.   $3,000 per race plus an additional $1.00 to Licensor for each ticket purchased 
in excess of 2,000 General Admission tickets sold for each local race.  
a. The total attendance admitted with a ticket should reflect the total 
number of tickets issued for the purpose of this calculation. 
b. Licensee shall pay Licensor one-half (i.e., $1500) at least ten (10) days 
in advance of the scheduled race and the remaining balance due within 
thirty (30) days of the conclusion of the race. 
2. $6,000 per sanctioned race. 
3. Five Hundred Dollars ($500) per month for use of offices and fixtures. 
Utilities, other than phone service and internet service, are included. Office 
rent is due on or before the first day of each month of the term. Rent for 
partial month occupancy of the offices will be prorated. 
4. $300 per four (4)-hour block for use of the speedway for track rentals. 
5. Fifteen percent (15%) of gross sales (after taxes) as documented by cash 
register receipts or point of sale for all revenues received from the sale of 
food and beverage during TE Motorsports.  
6. Balances not paid within 30 days from the date of the event shall be subject to 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
interest at the highest rate permitted by law from the date of the final bill, and 
such interest shall be due and payable upon payment of the final bill. Such late 
fees are in addition to any other rights and remedies available to the Fair Board. 
 
Licensor agrees to provide space at no charge for up to two (2) TE events to 
include a rules meeting and an awards banquet. 
 
4.2. Rental Fees and Revenues 
     A.      The Parties agree to the following revenue allocation:   
1.   Licensee is entitled to receive, collect and retain all revenue generated from any 
source in connection with any TE Motorsports, with the exclusion of the 
parking, and, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. Licensee shall 
bear all of its own costs and expenses associated with its performance under this 
Agreement. This Agreement does not guarantee any specific amount of revenue 
to be collected and/or retained by TE. 
2. Licensor and Licensee agree to cooperate on sales of sponsorships for the 
Motorsport Event Space.  Except as otherwise specifically provided in this 
Agreement, Licensee’s license for use of the Motorsports Event Space under 
this Agreement shall include the right to sell, collect, and retain one hundred 
percent (100%) of revenues generated from sponsorships sold by Licensee.  
3.   Licensee shall have the right to impose and thereafter be entitled to collect from 
patrons attending TE Motorsport Events a facility use fee from tickets sold in 
an amount determined by Licensee in its sole discretion.  Licensor will not 
impose any facility or like kind fees on any tickets sold for TE Motorsport 
Events. 
 
4.   Licensor shall be entitled to retain one hundred percent (100%) of all revenues 
from parking within areas designated for use by patrons of the 
Premises/Motorsport Event Space if such parking areas are under the 
jurisdiction and control of Licensor. 
 
5.    For payment of amounts due under other agreements based on sales and/or 
revenues to be received from a specific event, settlement of such amounts shall 
occur promptly, using industry standards as agreed upon between Licensor and 
Licensee within the specific license agreement to be executed for each specific 
event, but not later than thirty (30) days after the date on which such event 
occurred. 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
4.3. Payment Methodology 
 
Payment in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall constitute the 
entire compensation due. 
 
4.4. General Maintenance  
 
A.  Licensee Routine Maintenance and Repair.   Licensee, at its sole cost and expense, 
shall perform or otherwise cause to be performed such reasonable facility maintenance 
services as are appropriate or necessary to maintain and operate the Motorsport Event 
Space in a manner consistent with applicable policies, procedures and operations of 
Licensor so as to allow Licensee to perform TE Motorsports. Maintenance and repair 
shall include, but are not limited to: 
 
1. grass cutting and trimming inside fence line of Speedway and outside fence to 
ticket booths at turn 1 and turn 4; 
2. painting of speedway walls, staging, and tunnel; 
3. track striping; and 
4. pest control services. 
 
B. Licensee Service Obligations.  
 
1. Licensee will provide and pay for a dumpster or roll-off designated for their sole 
use throughout the term of the Agreement. 
2. Licensee will ensure that the Concourse remains clear of vehicles and stored 
items, except during event days, if needed. 
 
C. Licensor Routine Maintenance and Repair.   Licensor, at its sole cost and expense, shall 
perform or otherwise cause to be performed the following tasks under this Agreement: 
 
1. tree and brush maintenance surrounding billboards; 
2. maintenance of scoreboard, caution lights, and scoring loop; and 
3. maintenance of Speedway public address and sound system. 
 
D. Joint Routine Maintenance and Repair. Licensor and Licensee shall be jointly 
responsible for certain expenses as described below: 
 
1. Licensor and Licensee shall jointly maintain Speedway asphalt, guard rails, 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
concrete walls, portable walls, fencing and billboards. 
2. Licensee agrees to properly disposal of chemicals and waste (e.g., oil, gasoline, 
antifreeze, tires) related to TE Motorsports and on Motorsport Event Space. For 
Fair Board Events at the Motorsport Event Space, the Fair Board will be 
responsible for proper disposal of chemicals and waste or will compensate 
Licensee for their removal and disposal. 
3. Licensee agrees to clean and restock the Motorsport Event Space. For Fair 
Board Events at the Motorsports Event Space, the Fair Board will be responsible 
for cleaning and restocking the Motorsport Event Space. 
 
4.5. Licensee Motorsports Maintenance and Operations. 
A. Licensee Maintenance and Operations. Licensee, at its sole cost and expense, shall 
perform or otherwise cause to be performed such reasonable facility maintenance 
services as are appropriate or necessary to maintain and operate TE Motorsports in a 
manner consistent with applicable policies, procedures and operations of Licensor. 
Maintenance and operations shall include, but are not limited to: 
 
1. litter and trash removal to include Speedway, pit and parking lots, grandstand, 
tunnel and concourse; 
2. cleaning and restocking of speedway and concourse public restrooms; 
3. movement and placement of portable walls or barricades as needed; 
4. sweeping and cleaning of track after TE Motorsport Events;  
5. sign and banner placement, which must be approved by the Fairgrounds 
Executive Director prior to installation, and shall not be unreasonably delayed, 
conditioned, or withheld; and 
6. parking and staging of race vehicles prior to a TE Motorsport Event. Road 
closure requests and related expenses shall be the responsibility of the Licensee. 
If space beyond the premises is utilized, the plan must be reviewed and approved 
by the Fairgrounds Executive Director prior to event. 
 
B. Joint Maintenance and Operations. 
 
1. Licensor and Licensee agree to cooperatively perform pre- and post-event 
inspections for all TE and Fair Board Events at the Motorsports Event Space 
utilizing the Premises to document conditions. Any pre-existing damage shall be 
noted and signed by both Parties. The Parties agree to return to its former condition 
that part of the Premises used and to remove all equipment and supplies. The Parties 
agree to be financially responsible for the costs of repairing any damage done to the 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
Premises caused by each or their respective contracted third-party promoter, 
representatives, employees, agents, vendors, TE suppliers and attendees. 
 
2. Licensor and Licensee agree to work cooperatively when scheduling use of the 
Craighead parking lot (i.e., pit area) and Coliseum Way. It is agreed that Licensee 
will have exclusive use of the Craighead parking lot during TE Motorsports Events. 
 
3. Licensor shall provide all necessary utilities within the capabilities of the equipment 
and systems currently installed in the Premises, or to be installed pursuant to this 
Agreement.   
4.6. Concessions 
 
All concessions sold on the Fairgrounds shall be sold in accordance with local, state, and 
federal law.   Licensee will pay Licensor fifteen percent (15%) of gross sales (after taxes) as 
documented by cash register receipts or point of sale for all concessions revenues received.  
 
4.7. Schedule of Payments 
 
Office rent as described in this Agreement shall by paid by Licensee to Licensor no later than 
the last day of each month. Fixed rental fees and per ticket revenue shares for non-sanctioned 
TE Motorsports Events shall be paid by Licensee to Licensor within 30 days after each race 
weekend.  
 
5. Termination, Notice and Expiration 
 
5.1. Breach 
 
Should Licensee fail to fulfill in a timely and proper manner its obligations under this 
Agreement or if it should violate any of the terms of this Agreement, Licensor shall identify 
the breach and Licensee shall cure the performance within thirty (30) days.  If Licensee fails to 
satisfactorily provide cure, Licensor shall have the right to immediately terminate this 
Agreement.  Such termination shall not relieve Licensee of any liability to Licensor for 
damages sustained by virtue of any breach by Licensee. If Licensee fails to perform its 
contracted duties and responsibilities in a timely and proper manner and is unable to cure such 
failure within such additional period of time as specified by Licensor, taking into consideration 
the gravity and nature of the default, or if Licensee shall violate any of the terms of this 
Agreement, Licensor shall have the right to immediately terminate this Agreement. 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
5.2. Lack of Funding 
 
Should funding for this Agreement be discontinued, Licensor shall have the right to terminate 
this Agreement immediately upon written notice to Licensee. 
 
5.3. Notice of Termination 
 
It is hereby agreed that should Licensor desire to terminate this agreement for any reason 
during the term of this Agreement, Licensor may terminate this Agreement, provided that 
Licensor provide Licensee with ninety (90) days’ notice of its intent to terminate the 
Agreement. Upon such notice, Licensee agrees to surrender the Premises as defined in this 
Agreement within 90 days. Licensor will not compensate Licensee for any revenues or benefits 
that it would have received as of the termination date or any other expenses incurred by 
Licensee as a result of this termination.   
 
5.4. Surrender of Premises.   
 
At the expiration of the term of this Agreement, Licensee must peaceably yield up to Licensor 
the Motorsport Event Space in good repair in all respects, reasonable use, wear and tear and 
damage by fire or other casualty or by condemnation excepted.   
 
5.5.  Holding Over.   
 
There shall be no holding over.  
 
6. NONDISCRIMINATION 
 
6.1. METRO's Nondiscrimination Policy 
 
It is the policy of METRO not to discriminate on the basis of race, creed, color, national origin, 
age, sex, or disability in its hiring and employment practices, or in admission to, access to, or 
operation of its programs, services, and activities. 
 
 
6.2. Nondiscrimination Requirement 
 
No person shall be excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, be discriminated 
against in the admission or access to, or be discriminated against in treatment or employment 
in METRO’s contracted programs or activities, on the grounds of race, creed, color, national 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
origin, age, sex, disability, or any other classification protected by federal or Tennessee State 
Constitutional or statutory law; nor shall they be excluded from participation in, be denied 
benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination in the performance of contracts with 
METRO or in the employment practices of METRO’s contractors.  Accordingly, all offerors 
entering into contracts with METRO shall, upon request, be required to show proof of such 
nondiscrimination and to post in conspicuous places that are available to all employees and 
applicants, notices of nondiscrimination.  Licensee certifies and warrants that it will comply 
with this nondiscrimination requirement.  
6.5. Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) 
 
Licensee assures METRO that all services provided shall be completed in full compliance with 
the Americans with Disabilities Act (“ADA”) 2010 ADA Standards for Accessible Design, 
enacted by law March 15, 2012, as has been adopted by METRO.  Licensee will ensure that 
participants with disabilities will have communication access that is equally effective as that 
provided to people without disabilities.  Information shall be made available in accessible 
formats, and auxiliary aids and services shall be provided upon the reasonable request of a 
qualified person with a disability. 
7. INSURANCE  
7.1. Risk of Loss and Insurance.   
 
A.  All property of any kind that may at any time be used, left or placed on the Premises 
during the term of this Agreement shall be at the sole risk of Licensee, and Licensor 
will not provide any insurance coverage for same.  Licensee must at its sole expense 
obtain and maintain in full force and effect for the duration of the Agreement and any 
extension hereof at least the following types and amounts of insurance for claims which 
may arise from or in connection with this Agreement. 
1. Commercial General Liability Insurance; occurrence version commercial general 
liability insurance or equivalent form with a limit of not less than $5,000,000 each 
occurrence. Such insurance must include Metro, its officials, officers, and 
employees as insureds with respect to performance of services.  The coverage may 
not contain any special limitations on the scope of its protection afforded to the 
above-listed insureds.  Insurance will be primary with respect to any insurance or 
self-insurance programs covering Metro, its officials, officers, employees, and 
volunteers. 
 
2. Automobile Liability Insurance; including vehicles owned, hired, and non-owned, 
with a combined single limit of not less than $5,000,000 each accident.  Such 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
insurance must include coverage for loading and unloading hazards.  Insurance 
must contain or be endorsed to contain a provision that includes Metro, its officials, 
officers, employees, and volunteers as additional insureds with respect to liability 
arising out of automobiles owned, leased, hired, or borrowed by or on behalf of 
Licensee. 
 
3. Property Insurance.  Licensee must purchase property insurance against all risks of 
loss to any tenant improvements or betterments.  Insurance will be for full 
replacement cost with no coinsurance penalty provision. 
 
4. Worker’s Compensation. Licensee must maintain workers’ compensation insurance 
with statutory limits as required by the State of Tennessee or other applicable laws 
and employers’ liability insurance with limits of not less than $100,000.   
 
5. Liquor Liability.  Licensee must provide Liquor Liability insurance as contemplated 
by Section 4.6 of this Agreement. 
.  Licensee must: 
1. Prior to commencement of Agreement, furnish Metro with properly executed 
certificates of insurance which must clearly evidence all insurance required in this 
section and provide that such insurance will not be cancelled, allowed to expire, or 
be materially reduced in coverage except on 30 days’ prior written notice to Metro’s 
Law Department, P.O. Box 196300, Nashville, TN 37219-6300. The proof of 
coverage is to be received and approved by Metro Law Department before the 
Agreement commences. 
 
2. Provide certified copies of endorsements and policies if requested by Metro in lieu 
of or in addition to certificates of insurance. 
 
3. Replace certificates, policies, and endorsements for any such insurance expiring 
prior to expiration of Agreement. 
 
4. Maintain such insurance from the time Agreement commences until Agreement is 
terminated.  Failure to maintain or renew coverage or to provide evidence of 
renewal may be treated by Metro as a material breach of Agreement. 
 
5. Place such insurance with insurer licensed to do business in Tennessee and having 
A.M. Best Company ratings of no less than A-. 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
 
6. Require 
all 
subcontractors 
to 
maintain 
during 
the 
term 
of 
this 
Agreement, Commercial General Liability insurance, Business Automobile 
Liability insurance, and Worker’s Compensation/ Employers Liability insurance 
(unless subcontractor’s employees are covered by TE’s insurance) in the same 
manner as specified for Licensee. Licensee shall require subcontractors to have all 
necessary insurance and maintain the subcontractor’s certificates of insurance. 
 
7. Any deductibles and/or self-insured retentions greater than $10,000.00 must be 
disclosed to and approved by Metro prior to the commencement of services. 
 
8. If Licensee has or obtains primary and excess policy(ies), there shall be no gap 
between the limits of the primary policy and the deductible features of the excess 
policies. 
 
8. General Terms and Conditions  
 
8.1. Taxes 
 
Licensor shall not be responsible for any taxes that are imposed on Licensee.  Furthermore, 
Licensee understands that it cannot claim exemption from taxes by virtue of any exemption 
that is provided to Metro. 
  
8.4. Confidentiality 
 
Tennessee Code Annotated §10-7-504(i) specifies that information which would allow a 
person to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information or to government property 
shall be maintained as confidential. “Government property” includes electronic information 
processing systems, telecommunication systems, or other communications systems of a 
governmental entity subject to this chapter. Such records include: (A) Plans, security codes, 
passwords, combinations, or computer programs used to protect electronic information and 
government property; (B) Information that would identify those areas of structural or 
operational vulnerability that would permit unlawful disruption to, or interference with, the 
services provided by a governmental entity; and (C) Information that could be used to disrupt, 
interfere with, or gain unauthorized access to electronic information or government property. 
 
The foregoing listing is not intended to be comprehensive, and any information which Metro 
marks or otherwise designates as anything other than “Public Information” will be deemed and 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
treated as sensitive information, which is defined as any information not specifically labeled 
as “Public Information”.  Information which qualifies as “sensitive information” may be 
presented in oral, written, graphic, and/or machine-readable formats. Regardless of 
presentation format, such information will be deemed and treated as sensitive information. 
 
Licensee, and its Agents, for Metro, may have access to sensitive information. Licensee, and 
its Agents, are required to maintain such information in a manner appropriate to its level of 
sensitivity. All sensitive information must be secured at all times including, but not limited to, 
the secured destruction of any written or electronic information no longer needed. The 
unauthorized access, modification, deletion, or disclosure of any Metro information may 
compromise the integrity and security of Metro, violate individual rights of privacy, and/or 
constitute a criminal act. 
 
Upon the request of Metro, Licensee shall return all information in whatever form. In the event 
of any disclosure or threatened disclosure of Metro information, Metro is further authorized 
and entitled to immediately seek and obtain injunctive or other similar relief against Licensee, 
including but not limited to emergency and ex parte relief where available. 
 
8.5. Information Ownership 
 
All Licensee information is and shall be the sole property of Metro.  Licensee hereby waives 
any and all statutory and common law liens it may now or hereafter have with respect to Metro 
information.  Nothing in this Agreement or any other agreement between METRO and TE 
shall operate as an obstacle to such Metro’s right to retrieve any and all Metro information 
from Licensee or its agents or to retrieve such information or place such information with a 
third party for provision of services to Metro, including without limitation, any outstanding 
payments, overdue payments and/or disputes, pending legal action, or arbitration.  Upon 
Metro’s request, Licensee shall supply Metro with an inventory of Metro information that 
Licensee stores and/or backs up. 
 
8.6. Information Security Breach Notification 
 
In addition to the notification requirements in any Business Associate Agreement with Metro, 
when applicable, Licensee shall notify Metro of any data breach within 24 hours of Licensee’s 
knowledge or reasonable belief (whichever is earlier) that such breach has occurred ("Breach 
Notice") by contacting the Metro ITS Help Desk.  The Breach Notice should describe the 
nature of the breach, the scope of the information compromised, the date the breach occurred, 
and the identities of the individuals affected or potentially affected by the breach as well as 
specific information about the data compromised so that Metro can properly notify those 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
individuals whose information was compromised.  Licensee shall periodically update the 
information contained in the Breach Notice to Metro and reasonably cooperate with Metro in 
connection with Metro’s efforts to mitigate the damage or harm of such breach. 
 
8.7. Representations 
 
A. Each of the parties hereto represents and warrants that it has full power and authority 
to enter into this Agreement and to assume and perform all of its obligations under this 
Agreement, that it has obtained any and all approvals that may be required before it can 
execute and perform this Agreement, including approvals required by any loan 
documents, bond authorization, corporate articles and bylaws, Metro charter or state 
statute, regulation or court order, and that the persons executing this Agreement on its 
behalf have been duly authorized and are empowered to bind it to this Agreement, that 
the execution of this Agreement, and the performance by it of the actions anticipated 
by this Agreement neither breaches any contract with any third party, or constitutes any 
event, which, with the passage of time, or the giving of notice, or both, will breach any 
contract with any third party, and that this Agreement executed by it are or when fully 
delivered will be duly authorized, executed and delivered by it and will be valid, 
binding and enforceable obligations of it. 
 
B. Licensee represents and warrants that Products and/or Services, or any media upon 
which the Products and/or Services are stored, do not have, nor shall Licensee or its 
Agents otherwise introduce into Metro’s systems, network, or infrastructure, any type 
of software routines or element which is designed to or capable of unauthorized access 
to or intrusion upon, disabling, deactivating, deleting, or otherwise damaging or 
interfering with any system, equipment, software, data, or the Metro network.  In the 
event of a breach of this representation and warranty, Licensee shall compensate Metro 
for any and all harm, injury, damages, costs, and expenses incurred by Metro resulting 
from the breach.   
 
For Licensee-managed systems, Licensee shall install and maintain ICSA Labs certified 
or AV-Test approved Antivirus Software and, to the extent possible, use real time 
protection features.  Licensee shall maintain the Anti-virus Software in accordance with 
the Antivirus Software provider’s recommended practices.   
 
8.8. Copyright, Trademark, Service Mark, or Patent Infringement 
 
A. Licensee shall, at its own expense, be entitled to and shall have the duty to defend any 
suit that may be brought against Metro to the extent that it is based on a claim that the 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
products or services furnished infringe a Copyright, Trademark, Service Mark, or 
Patent.  Licensee shall further indemnify and hold harmless Metro against any award 
of damages and costs made against Metro by a final judgment of a court of last resort 
in any such suit.  Metro shall provide Licensee immediate notice in writing of the 
existence of such claim and full right and opportunity to conduct the defense thereof, 
together with all available information and reasonable cooperation, assistance and 
authority to enable Licensee to do so.  No costs or expenses shall be incurred for the 
account of Licensee without its written consent.  Metro reserves the right to participate 
in the defense of any such action.  Licensee shall have the right to enter into 
negotiations for and the right to effect settlement or compromise of any such action, 
but no such settlement or compromise shall be binding upon Metro unless approved by 
the Metro Department of Law Settlement Committee and, where required, the Metro 
Council. 
 
If the products or services furnished under this Agreement are likely to, or do become, 
the subject of such a claim of infringement, then without diminishing Licensee’s 
obligation to satisfy the final award, Licenseee may at its option and expense: 
 
1. procure from Metro the right to continue using the products or services;  
 
2.  replace or modify the alleged infringing products or services with other equally 
suitable products or services that are satisfactory to Metro, so that they become non-
infringing; and 
 
3. remove the products or discontinue the services and cancel any future charges 
pertaining thereto, provided, however, that Licensee will not exercise the Remove 
option above until Licensee and METRO have determined that the Procure and/or 
Replace options are impractical. Licensee shall have no liability to Metro; however, 
if any such infringement or claim thereof is based upon or arises out of: 
 
i.  the use of the products or services in combination with apparatus or devices not 
supplied or else approved by Licensee; 
 
ii.   the use of the products or services in a manner for which the products or services 
were neither designated nor contemplated; or 
 
iii. the claimed infringement in which Metro has any direct or indirect interest by 
license or otherwise, separate from that granted herein.  
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
B. Licensee shall require in its contracts with persons holding or promoting events at the 
Premises that such persons shall obtain all necessary approvals for or arising from the 
use of patented and/or copyrighted materials, equipment, devices, processes, or 
dramatic rights used on or incorporated in the conduct of any events which Licensee 
books at the Premises. Licensee shall indemnify and hold Metro and Licensor harmless 
from any breach of patent or copyright rights or patent or copyright infringements or 
violations of patent or copyright laws. 
 
8.9. Maintenance of Records and Audits  
 
A.  Licensee shall provide to Licensor monthly statements detailing revenues received in 
connection with the exercise of its rights under this Agreement for which Licensor is 
to receive a portion of the revenues therefrom.  Licensee shall keep and preserve for at 
least three (3) years sufficient records to perform an audit of such revenues and 
expenses for such period.   
 
B.   Licensor shall provide to Licensee monthly statements detailing revenues received in 
connection with its performance of any activity for which Licensee is to receive a 
portion of the revenues therefrom.  Licensor shall keep and preserve for at least three 
(3) years sufficient records to perform an audit of such revenues and expenses for such 
period related to those activities. 
 
C.   Records created and maintained by Licensee in connection with the services under this 
Agreement shall be provided without delay at Licensor’s reasonable request. 
 
D.  Licensee shall maintain documentation for all charges in relation to this 
Agreement.  The books, records, and documents of Licensee, insofar as they relate to 
work performed or money received under this Agreement, shall be maintained for a 
period of three (3) full years from the date of final payment and will be subject to audit, 
at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by Metro or its duly appointed 
representatives.   The records shall be maintained in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles.  In the event of litigation, working papers and other 
documents shall be produced in accordance with applicable laws and/or rules of 
discovery.  Breach of the provisions of this paragraph is a material breach of this 
Agreement. 
 
E.   All documents and supporting materials related in any manner whatsoever to this 
Agreement or any designated portion thereof, which are in the possession of Licensee 
or any subcontractor or subconsultant shall be made available to Metro for inspection 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
and copying upon written request from Metro.  Said documents shall also be made 
available for inspection and/or copying by any state, federal or other regulatory 
authority, upon request from Metro.  Said records include, but are not limited to, all 
drawings, plans, specifications, submittals, correspondence, minutes, memoranda, tape 
recordings, videos, or other writings or things which document the procurement and/or 
performance of this Agreement.  Said records expressly include those documents 
reflecting the cost, including all subcontractors’ records and payroll records of Licensee 
and subcontractors. 
 
8.10. Monitoring 
 
A. Licensee’s activities conducted and records maintained pursuant to this Agreement 
shall be subject to monitoring and evaluation by Licensor, Metro, the Department of 
Finance, the Division of Internal Audit, or their duly appointed representatives. 
 
B. Metro shall have the option of reviewing and performing a security assessment of the 
information security management practices of Licensee.  Metro shall have the right, at 
its expense, during normal business hours and with reasonable advance notice, to 
evaluate, test, and review TE's products and services compliance with the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement.  Metro shall have the right to conduct such audits by use 
of its own employees and internal audit staff, or by use of outside consultants and 
auditors. 
8.11. Metro Property 
 
Any Metro property, including but not limited to books, records, and equipment that is in 
Licensee’s possession shall be maintained by Licenseee in good condition and repair, and shall 
be returned to Metro by Licensee upon termination of this Agreement.  All goods, documents, 
records, trademarks and copyrighted materials, and other work product and property produced 
during the performance of this Agreement are deemed to be Metro property.  Metro property 
includes, but is not limited to, all documents which make up this Agreement; all other 
documents furnished by Metro; all conceptual drawings, design documents, closeout 
documents, and other submittals by Licensee; and, all other original works of authorship, 
whether created by Metro or Licensee embodied in any tangible medium of expression, 
including, without limitation, pictorial, graphic, sculptural works, two (2) dimensional works, 
and three (3) dimensional works. 
 
Contracts involving sensitive information, Licensee may keep one (1) copy of the 
aforementioned documents upon completion of this Agreement; provided, however, that in no 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
event shall Licensee use, or permit to be used, any portion of the documents on other projects 
without Metro’s prior written authorization.  Licensee shall maintain sensitive information 
securely 
and 
if 
required 
by 
Metro, 
provide 
secured 
destruction 
of 
said 
information.  Distribution and/or reproduction of Metro sensitive information outside of the 
intended and approved use are strictly prohibited unless permission in writing is first received 
from the Metro Chief Information Security Officer.  The storage of Metro sensitive 
information to third-party hosted network storage areas, such as Microsoft Skydrive, Google 
Docs, Dropbox, or other cloud storage mechanisms, shall not be allowed without first receiving 
permission in writing from the Metro Chief Information Security Officer. 
 
8.12. Modification of Agreement 
 
This Agreement may be modified only by written amendment executed by all parties and their 
signatories hereto. 
 
8.13. Partnership/Joint Venture 
 
This Agreement shall not in any way be construed or intended to create a partnership or joint 
venture between the Parties or to create the relationship of principal and agent between or 
among any of the Parties.  None of the Parties hereto shall hold itself out in a manner contrary 
to the terms of this paragraph. No Party shall become liable for any representation, act, or 
omission of any other Party contrary to the terms of this Agreement. 
 
8.14. Waiver 
 
No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall affect the right of any Party to enforce 
such provision or to exercise any right or remedy available to it. 
 
8.15. Employment 
 
Licensee shall not subscribe to any personnel policy which permits or allows for the promotion, 
demotion, employment, dismissal or laying off of any individual due to race, creed, color, 
national origin, age, sex, or which is in violation of applicable laws concerning the employment 
of individuals with disabilities.  
 
Licensee shall not knowingly employ, permit, dispatch, subcontract, or instruct any person 
who is an undocumented and/or unlawful worker to perform work in whole or part under the 
terms of this Agreement.  
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
Violation of either of these Agreement provisions may result in suspension or debarment if not 
resolved in a timely manner, not to exceed ninety (90) days, to the satisfaction of Metro.  
 
8.16. Compliance with Laws 
 
Licensee agrees to comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws, regulations, and 
policies/including those regulations and policies of the Fair Board. 
 
8.17 Limitations on Legal Requirements  
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Licensee acknowledges and agrees 
that the power and authority to adopt, rescind, or amend laws for the Metropolitan Government 
of Nashville and Davidson County resides with the Metropolitan Council and that nothing 
contained herein shall in any way obligate the Metropolitan Council to adopt, rescind, or 
amend applicable law, or subject Fair Board to any liability on account of the Metropolitan 
Council’s failure to adopt, rescind or amend any applicable law. 
 
8.18. Iran Divestment Act 
 
In accordance with the Iran Divestment Act, Tennessee Code Annotated § 12-12-101 et seq., 
Licensee certifies that to the best of its knowledge and belief, neither Licensee nor any of its 
subcontractors are on the list created pursuant to Tennessee Code Annotated § 12-12-
106.  Misrepresentation may result in civil and criminal sanctions, including contract 
termination, debarment, or suspension from being a contractor or subcontractors under 
Metro’s contracts/agreements. 
 
8.19. Taxes and Licensure 
 
Licensee shall have all applicable licenses and be current on its payment of all applicable gross 
receipt taxes and personal property taxes. 
 
8.20. Ethical Standards 
 
Licensee hereby represents that Licensee has not been retained or retained any persons to 
solicit or secure a Metro contract upon an agreement or understanding for a contingent 
commission, percentage, or brokerage fee, except for retention of bona fide employees or bona 
fide established commercial selling agencies for the purpose of securing business.  Breach of 
the provisions of this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this Agreement, a breach of ethical 
standards, which may result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or suspension from 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
being a contractor or subcontractors under Metro contracts. 
 
8.21. Indemnification, Hold Harmless, and Enforcement of the Agreement 
Licensee shall indemnify and hold harmless Metro, its officers, agents, and employees from: 
 
A. any claims, damages, costs, and attorney fees for injuries or damages arising, in part or 
in whole, from the negligent or intentional acts or omissions of Licensee, its officers, 
employees, and/or agents, including its sub or independent contractors, in connection 
with the performance of the Agreement; and 
 
B. any claims, damages, penalties, costs, and attorney fees arising from any failure of 
Licensee, its officers, employees, and/or agents, including its sub or independent 
contractors, to observe applicable laws, including, but not limited to, labor laws and 
minimum wage laws; 
 
In any and all claims against Metro, The Fair Board, its officers, agents, or employees, by any 
employee of Licensee, any subcontractors, anyone directly or indirectly employed by any of 
them, or anyone for whose acts any of them may be liable, the indemnification obligation shall 
not be limited in any way by any limitation on the amount or type of damages, compensation, 
or benefits payable by or for Licensee or any subcontractor  under workers’ compensation acts, 
disability acts, or other employee benefit acts. 
 
Metro will not indemnify, defend, or hold harmless in any fashion Licensee from any claims 
arising from any failure, regardless of any language in any attachment or other document 
that Licensee may provide. 
 
Licensee agrees that in the event either party takes legal action to enforce any provision of this 
Agreement or to obtain a remedy for any breach of this Agreement, and in the event Metro 
prevails in such action, Licensee shall pay all expenses of such action incurred at any and all 
stages of the litigation, including costs, and reasonable attorney fees for Metro. 
 
Each party agrees to give the other party immediate notice in writing of any action or suit filed 
related in any way to this Agreement, and of any claim made against it by any entity which 
may result in litigation related in any way to this Agreement. 
 
8.22. Assignment--Consent Required 
 
The provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the 
respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto.  Neither this Agreement nor any of 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
the rights and obligations of Licensee hereunder shall be assigned or transferred in whole or in 
part without the prior written consent of Licensor.  Any such assignment or transfer shall not 
release Licensee from its obligations hereunder.   
 
NOTICE OF ASSIGNMENT OF ANY RIGHTS TO MONEY DUE TO TE UNDER THIS 
AGREEMENT MUST BE SENT TO THE ATTENTION OF:  
 
THE FAIRGROUNDS NASHVILLE 
ATTN LAURA WOMACK 
PO BOX 40208 
NASHVILLE TN 37203 
 
Funds Assignment Requests should contain complete contact information (contact person, 
organization name, address, telephone number, and email) for Metro to use to request any 
follow up information needed to complete or investigate the requested funds assignment.  To 
the extent permitted by law, Metro has the discretion to approve or deny a Funds Assignment 
Request. 
 
8.23. Entire Agreement 
 
This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject 
matter hereof and shall govern the respective duties and obligations of the parties. Each of the 
parties to this Agreement, however, without further consideration, shall execute and deliver 
such additional documents and shall take other actions as may be reasonably required in order 
to fully effectuate all of the terms and provision of this Agreement.  
 
8.24. Force Majeure 
 
No party shall have any liability to the other hereunder by reason of any delay or failure to 
perform any obligation or covenant if the delay or failure to perform is occasioned by force 
majeure, meaning any act of God, storm, fire, casualty, unanticipated work stoppage, strike, 
lockout, labor dispute, civil disturbance, riot, war, national emergency, act of Government, act 
of public enemy, or other cause of similar or dissimilar nature beyond its control. 
 
8.25. Governing Law 
 
The validity, construction, and effect of this Agreement and any and all extensions, 
modifications, or amendments thereof shall be governed by the laws of the State of 
Tennessee.  Tennessee law shall govern regardless of any language in any attachment or other 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
document that TE may provide. 
 
8.26. Venue 
 
Any action between the Parties arising from this Agreement shall be maintained in the courts 
of Davidson County, Tennessee. 
 
8.27. Severability 
 
Should any provision of this Agreement be declared to be invalid by any court of competent 
jurisdiction, such provision shall be severed and shall not affect the validity of the remaining 
provisions of this Agreement. 
 
8.28   Captions.   
 
The headings and captions contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and 
shall not limit or extend the meaning or terms of any paragraph or section contained herein 
 
8.29   Non-Liability of Agents and Employees.   
 
No member, officer, agent, commissioner, or employee of the Fair Board or the Metropolitan 
Government may be charged personally or held contractually liable by or to Licensee under 
the terms or provisions of this Agreement or because of any breach. 
 
8.30  Notice. 
 
Any notice or request which may or shall be given under the terms of this Agreement shall be 
in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight delivery by a recognized national carrier 
to the following: As of the effective date, the addresses for the parties are as follows: 
 
 
 
Notices to Licensor shall be sent to: 
 
Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners 
Attn: Laura Womack 
PO Box 40208 
Nashville, TN 37204 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
Notices to Licensee shall be sent to: 
 
Track Enterprises 
Attn: Bob Sargent 
PO Box 79 
Macon, IL 62544 
 
Notice shall be deemed given when delivered. Such addresses may be changed from time to 
time by either party giving notice as provided above. 
 
  
[BALANCE OF PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
IN WITNESS THEREOF, the parties have executed their signatures as of the date first above 
written. 
 
LICENSOR: 
 
 
 
 
 
LICENSEE:  
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF 
 
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, 
 
Licensee:  
 
 
 
 
 
TENNESSEE BY AND THROUGH 
 
 
 
THE BOARD OF FAIR COMMISSIONERS 
 
By:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title:   
 
 
 
 
 
Executive Director 
 
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY 
OF FUNDS: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kevin Crumbo 
Director of Finance 
 
 
APPROVED AS TO INSURANCE 
REQUIREMENTS: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Director of Insurance 
 
 
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND 
LEGALITY: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolitan Attorney 
 
 
Filed with the Metropolitan Clerk:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolitan Clerk 
 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
Robert Sargent
Manager/Owner
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Exhibit A – Premises Boundary 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
Exhibit B – Projected 2025 Schedule 
 
Friday, April 4 
Open Practice  
 
 
 
 
 
Saturday, April 5  
Opening Night – 121 Years of Racing at the Fairgrounds (5:00 
Start) 
 
Pro Late Models (121 Laps), TBD 
 
Thursday, April 17 
US Legends Spring Nationals 
 
Legends, Bandoleros  
 
Friday, April 18 
US Legends Spring Nationals 
 
Legends, Bandoleros  
Saturday, April 19 
US Legends Spring Nationals Championship & Pro Late Model 
100 (5:00 Start) 
 
Pro Late Models (100), TBD, Legends, Bandoleros   
 
 
Friday, May 2 
Local Racing ¼ Mile Special (6:30 Start) 
Saturday, May 3 
ARCA Music City 150 & North/South Super Late Model 100 & 
Pro Late Models (5:00 Start) 
ARCA Menards Series East (150), Super Late Model (100), Pro 
Late Model (TBD)  
 
Thursday, May 29 
Battle of Broadway 150 (7:00 Start) 
 
Pro Late Model (150), CRA Street Stock Series 
 
Friday, June 27 
Open Practice  
 
 
 
 
 
Saturday, June 28 
Modifieds of Mayhem Tour & Pro Late Model 100 (5:00 Start) 
 
Pro Late Model (100), Modified, TBD 
 
Friday, July 11 
Open Practice 
Saturday, July 12 
Pro Late Model 100 (5:00 Start) 
 
Pro Late Model (100), TBD  
 
Friday, August 8 
Open Practice  
Saturday, August 9 
Bass Tire Family Night – Pro Late Model 100 (5:00 Start) 
 
Pro Late Model (100), TBD 
 
Friday, October 3 
Open Practice  
 
 
 
 
 
Saturday, October 4 
Local Racing Pro Late Model 100 (5:00 Start) 
 
Pro Late Model (100), TBD 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
Friday, November 8  
All American 400 Race Weekend – Local Racing ¼ Mile Special 
(6:30 Start) 
Limited Late Models, Pure Stocks, Front Runners, Legends, 
Bandoleros 
Saturday, November 9 
All American 400 Race Weekend – Pole Qualifying & Racing 
(5:00 Start) 
Super Late Models, Pro Late Models, CRA Street Stocks, Vores 
Compact Touring Series 
Sunday, November 10 
ASA STARS National Tour 40th Running of the All American 
400 (1:00 Start) 
 
Super Late Models  
 
Date TBD 
Bus racing 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
EXHIBIT C 
 
Muffler Rules, Sound Levels, and Enforcement Provisions 
Nashville Fairgrounds Speedway 
 
Rules are published on nashvillefairgroundsspeedway.racing/competitor/ 
 
Nashville Fairgrounds Speedway Rules and Regulations 
Nashville Fairgrounds Speedway. (2024, December).  
https://nashvillefairgroundsspeedway.racing/competitor/ 
 
All race cars are subject to noise testing and must comply with Nashville Fairgrounds 
Speedway maximum noise requirements. A muffler must be used and installed in a 
configuration that will suppress exhaust noise to a maximum of 99db’s at 100 feet. 
 
National Pro Late Models 
Nashville Fairgrounds Speedway. (2024, December). 2025 National Pro-Late Model 
Specifications & Guidelines.  
https://nashvillefairgroundsspeedway.racing/wp-content/uploads/2024/12/JEGS-
CRA-Technical-Specification-Rule-Book-2025.pdf 
 
(Section E, Rule 2) A muffler must be used and installed in a configuration that will suppress 
exhaust noise to a maximum of 99 dBa at 100 feet. The track will conduct random testing of 
exhaust noise, a penalty of 10lb’s for every point above 99db’s will be enforced. Any car that 
is consistently tested above 99db’s will receive additional penalties up to and including 
disqualification. 
 
Super Truck Rules 
Nashville Fairgrounds Speedway. (2024, December). 2024 Super Truck Rules.  
https://nashvillefairgroundsspeedway.racing/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/Nashville-
Super-Truck-Rules-2024.pdf 
 
(Section 6, Rule 1) A muffler must be used and installed in a configuration that will suppress 
exhaust noise to a maximum of 99 dBa at 100 feet. The track will conduct random testing of 
exhaust noise, a penalty of 10lb’s for every point above 99db’s will be enforced. Any car that 
is consistently tested above 99db’s will receive additional penalties up to and including 
disqualification. 
 
Limited Late Models 
Nashville Fairgrounds Speedway. (2024, December). 2024 Limited Late Model Rules.  
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
https://nashvillefairgroundsspeedway.racing/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/Nashville-
Limited-Late-Model-Rules-2024.pdf 
(Section 5, Rule 1) A muffler must be used and installed in a configuration that will suppress 
exhaust noise to a maximum of 99 dBa at 100 feet. The track will conduct random testing of 
exhaust noise, a penalty of 10lb’s for every point above 99db’s will be enforced. Any car that 
is consistently tested above 99db’s will receive additional penalties up to and including 
disqualification. 
 
Street Stocks 
Nashville Fairgrounds Speedway. (2024, December). Street Stock Alliance 2024 
Specification & Guidelines.  
https://nashvillefairgroundsspeedway.racing/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/1-2024-SS-
Alliance-Rules-FINAL-12524.pdf 
 
(Section 3, Rule 10) Exhaust must exit behind the driver & beneath the car or under the 
frame. Muffler required at Nashville, Max 99db’s measure at 100’. 
 
Pure Stock 
Nashville Fairgrounds Speedway. (2024, December). 2024 Pure Stocks Rules.  
https://nashvillefairgroundsspeedway.racing/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/Nashville-
Pure-Stock-Rules-2024.pdf 
 
(Section 14, Rule 1) A muffler must be used and installed in a configuration that will 
suppress exhaust noise to a maximum of 99 dBa at 100 feet. The track will conduct random 
testing of exhaust noise, a penalty of 10lb’s for every point above 99db’s will be enforced. 
Any car that is consistently tested above 99db’s will receive additional penalties up to and 
including disqualification. 
 
Front Runner 
Nashville Fairgrounds Speedway. (2024, December). 2024 Front Runner Rules.  
https://nashvillefairgroundsspeedway.racing/wp-content/uploads/2024/08/Nashville-
Front-Runner-Rules-2024-Rev-August-2024.pdf 
 
(Section 7, Rule 1) A muffler must be used and installed in a configuration that will suppress 
exhaust noise to a maximum of 99 dBa at 100 feet. The track will conduct random testing of 
exhaust noise, a penalty of 10lb’s for every point above 99db’s will be enforced. Any car that 
is consistently tested above 99db’s will receive additional penalties up to and including 
disqualification. 
 
Legends 
U.S. Legend Cars International & INEX. (2024, December). 2024 INEX Rulebook.  
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


 
 
{N0655280.1} 
 
https://www.inexseries.com/documents/2024-inex-rulebook-digital-version.pdf 
 
(Rule 22) The header, muffler and gasket must remain within the Stock dimensions, steel 
thickness, location, and configurations of the original. Extra tabs, safety wire etc. are 
permitted to secure the muffler. Mufflers may not be completely welded to the pipes. The 
internal components of the header and muffler may not be altered. Hader wrapping (tape) is 
permitted. Ceramic or baked on coatings are not permitted. Stock, INEX approved Borla and 
S&S exhaust systems (USLCI) are mandatory for use with Yamaha 1200 or 1260 from 
USLCI. ProFab exhaust system (as delivered by USLCI) is mandatory for use with Yamaha 
FZ09. 
 
(Rule 46) INEX-approved USLCI Stock S&S, or Borla mufflers are MANDATORY for use 
with the Yamaha 1200 + 1250. The ProFab muffler is mandatory for use with Yamaha FZ09. 
The Muffler must remain Stock and may not be internally modified (turning tip away from 
car is permitted). INEX may monitor the decibel levels produced by the mufflers. *The use 
of the USLCI “long” exhaust/muffler system is permitted and may be required by some 
racetracks. 
 
Bandaleros 
U.S. Legend Cars International & INEX. (2024, December). 2024 INEX Rulebook.  
https://www.inexseries.com/documents/2024-inex-rulebook-digital-version.pdf 
 
(Rule 22) The header, muffler and gasket must remain within the Stock dimensions, steel 
thickness, location, and configurations of the original. Extra tabs, safety wire etc. are 
permitted to secure the muffler. Mufflers may not be completely welded to the pipes. The 
internal components of the header and muffler may not be altered. Hader wrapping (tape) is 
permitted. Ceramic or baked on coatings are not permitted. Stock, INEX approved Borla and 
S&S exhaust systems (USLCI) are mandatory for use with Yamaha 1200 or 1260 from 
USLCI. ProFab exhaust system (as delivered by USLCI) is mandatory for use with Yamaha 
FZ09. 
 
(Rule 46) INEX-approved USLCI Stock S&S, or Borla mufflers are MANDATORY for use 
with the Yamaha 1200 + 1250. The ProFab muffler is mandatory for use with Yamaha FZ09. 
The Muffler must remain Stock and may not be internally modified (turning tip away from 
car is permitted). INEX may monitor the decibel levels produced by the mufflers. *The use 
of the USLCI “long” exhaust/muffler system is permitted and may be required by some 
racetracks. 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


BBIRD
2106740
 8/01/24
000-000-0000
000-000-0000
K & K Insurance Group, Inc.
P.O. Box 2338
Fort Wayne, In 46801
TRACK ENTERPRISES, LLC
P.O. BOX 79
MACON, IL 62544
NATIONAL CASUALTY COMPANY
11991
Owners & Contractors
Part Lgl Liab
12:01AM
12:01AM
A
WCN0033298805
 5/20/24 5/20/25
   500000
   500000
   500000
PROOF OF INSURANCE
ROBERT SARGENT
TRACK ENTERPRISES, LLC
P.O. BOX 79
MACON, IL 62544
Docusign Envelope ID: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
ARCHIVE


Certificate Of Completion
Envelope Id: 9682AF22-1031-4226-A747-B9560631DE22
Status: Sent
Subject: TrackEnterprises_2025LicenseAgreement.pdf
Source Envelope: 
Document Pages: 35
Signatures: 6
Envelope Originator: 
Certificate Pages: 6
Initials: 2
Trina Coble
AutoNav: Enabled
EnvelopeId Stamping: Enabled
Time Zone: (UTC-08:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada)
trina.coble2@nashville.gov
IP Address: 170.190.198.180
Record Tracking
Status: Original
             12/17/2024 9:10:50 AM
Holder: Trina Coble
             trina.coble2@nashville.gov
Location: DocuSign
Security Appliance Status: Connected
Pool: StateLocal
Storage Appliance Status: Connected
Pool: The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea 
Market
Location: DocuSign
Signer Events
Signature
Timestamp
Robert Sargent
bobsargent10@aol.com
Manager/Owner
Track Enterprises, LLC
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 23.251.21.184
Sent: 12/17/2024 10:59:41 AM
Viewed: 12/17/2024 11:01:47 AM 
Signed: 12/17/2024 11:13:25 AM
Freeform Signing
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 12/17/2024 11:01:47 AM
      ID: df0a6e09-ebba-480e-91fe-32ca1fb5dfcd
Laura Womack
Laura.womack@nashville.gov
Executive Director
The Fairgrounds Nashville
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.180
Sent: 12/17/2024 11:13:28 AM
Viewed: 12/17/2024 11:14:53 AM 
Signed: 12/17/2024 11:17:45 AM
Freeform Signing
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Not Offered via DocuSign
Kenneth Hartlage
kenneth.hartlage@nashville.gov
Finance Manager - OMB
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.185
Sent: 12/17/2024 11:17:48 AM
Resent: 12/18/2024 8:14:04 AM
Viewed: 12/21/2024 5:59:29 AM 
Signed: 12/21/2024 6:00:54 AM
Freeform Signing
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 11/28/2023 3:29:30 PM
      ID: 4f68e4c8-f7a5-4e29-bd1b-dcd8f9d57e7b
Kenneth Hartlage
kenneth.hartlage@nashville.gov
Finance Manager - OMB
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.190
Sent: 12/31/2024 11:35:22 AM
Viewed: 12/31/2024 12:00:46 PM 
Signed: 12/31/2024 12:04:50 PM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 11/28/2023 3:29:30 PM
      ID: 4f68e4c8-f7a5-4e29-bd1b-dcd8f9d57e7b
ARCHIVE


Signer Events
Signature
Timestamp
Kevin Crumbo/MAL
Michelle.Lane@nashville.gov
PUrchasing Agent
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 104.176.252.12
Signed using mobile
Sent: 12/21/2024 6:00:57 AM
Resent: 12/31/2024 10:07:12 AM
Resent: 12/31/2024 12:04:53 PM
Viewed: 12/31/2024 10:21:49 AM 
Signed: 12/31/2024 1:56:59 PM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 12/21/2024 10:38:51 PM
      ID: 4931d17d-4518-4902-b407-53e8b0f59cc6
Sally Palmer
sally.palmer@nashville.gov
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Completed
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.100
Sent: 12/31/2024 1:57:03 PM
Viewed: 1/2/2025 10:39:44 AM 
Signed: 1/2/2025 10:42:34 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 1/2/2025 10:39:43 AM
      ID: b47700a2-7293-40a8-ad75-64b17a2c0093
Balogun Cobb
Balogun.Cobb@nashville.gov
Insurance Division Manager
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.185
Sent: 1/2/2025 10:42:38 AM
Viewed: 1/2/2025 1:15:54 PM 
Signed: 1/2/2025 1:16:02 PM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 6/23/2021 7:29:53 AM
      ID: 7284ac91-fcde-47e2-b9b6-0839cc32339c
Erica Haber
Erica.haber@nashville.gov
Attorney
Metro Legal
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 107.122.93.132
Signed using mobile
Sent: 1/2/2025 1:16:05 PM
Viewed: 1/3/2025 9:04:43 AM 
Signed: 1/3/2025 9:07:23 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 2/22/2023 2:02:21 PM
      ID: 84e1c511-4497-4b5b-b56f-47199265ee89
Austin Kyle
Metroclerk@nashville.gov
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.100
Sent: 1/3/2025 9:07:26 AM
Viewed: 1/3/2025 12:21:53 PM 
Signed: 1/3/2025 12:22:02 PM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 2/27/2023 12:41:45 PM
      ID: b82da70d-6c34-4d7f-bdb5-80561517344b
Satrice Allen
satrice.allen@nashville.gov
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Sent: 1/3/2025 12:22:07 PM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Not Offered via DocuSign
In Person Signer Events
Signature
Timestamp
ARCHIVE


Editor Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Agent Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Intermediary Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Certified Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Carbon Copy Events
Status
Timestamp
Sally Palmer
sally.palmer@nashville.gov
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Sent: 1/3/2025 12:22:06 PM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 1/3/2025 6:43:13 AM
      ID: 0f7d685b-aaf6-4f79-9fdb-9ddaedcb8379
Witness Events
Signature
Timestamp
Notary Events
Signature
Timestamp
Envelope Summary Events
Status
Timestamps
Envelope Sent
Hashed/Encrypted
12/17/2024 10:59:41 AM
Envelope Updated
Security Checked
12/17/2024 11:02:36 AM
Envelope Updated
Security Checked
12/31/2024 11:35:21 AM
Envelope Updated
Security Checked
12/31/2024 11:35:21 AM
Envelope Updated
Security Checked
12/31/2024 11:35:21 AM
Envelope Updated
Security Checked
12/31/2024 11:35:21 AM
Envelope Updated
Security Checked
12/31/2024 11:35:21 AM
Envelope Updated
Security Checked
12/31/2024 11:35:21 AM
Envelope Updated
Security Checked
12/31/2024 11:35:21 AM
Envelope Updated
Security Checked
12/31/2024 11:35:21 AM
Envelope Updated
Security Checked
12/31/2024 11:35:21 AM
Envelope Updated
Security Checked
12/31/2024 11:35:21 AM
Envelope Updated
Security Checked
12/31/2024 11:35:21 AM
Envelope Updated
Security Checked
12/31/2024 11:35:21 AM
Envelope Updated
Security Checked
12/31/2024 11:35:21 AM
Envelope Updated
Security Checked
12/31/2024 11:35:21 AM
Payment Events
Status
Timestamps
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure
ARCHIVE


ELECTRONIC RECORD AND SIGNATURE DISCLOSURE  
From time to time, The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea Market (we, us or Company) may 
be required by law to provide to you certain written notices or disclosures. Described below are 
the terms and conditions for providing to you such notices and disclosures electronically through 
the DocuSign system. Please read the information below carefully and thoroughly, and if you can 
access this information electronically to your satisfaction and agree to this Electronic Record and 
Signature Disclosure (ERSD), please confirm your agreement by selecting the check-box next to 
‘I agree to use electronic records and signatures’ before clicking ‘CONTINUE’ within the 
DocuSign system. 
 
Getting paper copies  
At any time, you may request from us a paper copy of any record provided or made available 
electronically to you by us. You will have the ability to download and print documents we send 
to you through the DocuSign system during and immediately after the signing session and, if you 
elect to create a DocuSign account, you may access the documents for a limited period of time 
(usually 30 days) after such documents are first sent to you. After such time, if you wish for us to 
send you paper copies of any such documents from our office to you, you will be charged a 
$0.00 per-page fee. You may request delivery of such paper copies from us by following the 
procedure described below. 
 
Withdrawing your consent  
If you decide to receive notices and disclosures from us electronically, you may at any time 
change your mind and tell us that thereafter you want to receive required notices and disclosures 
only in paper format. How you must inform us of your decision to receive future notices and 
disclosure in paper format and withdraw your consent to receive notices and disclosures 
electronically is described below. 
 
Consequences of changing your mind  
If you elect to receive required notices and disclosures only in paper format, it will slow the 
speed at which we can complete certain steps in transactions with you and delivering services to 
you because we will need first to send the required notices or disclosures to you in paper format, 
and then wait until we receive back from you your acknowledgment of your receipt of such 
paper notices or disclosures. Further, you will no longer be able to use the DocuSign system to 
receive required notices and consents electronically from us or to sign electronically documents 
from us. 
 
All notices and disclosures will be sent to you electronically  
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure created on: 5/6/2021 8:57:45 AM
Parties agreed to: Robert Sargent, Kenneth Hartlage, Kenneth Hartlage, Kevin Crumbo/MAL, Sally Palmer, Balogun Cobb, Erica Haber, Austin Kyle, Sally Palmer
ARCHIVE


Unless you tell us otherwise in accordance with the procedures described herein, we will provide 
electronically to you through the DocuSign system all required notices, disclosures, 
authorizations, acknowledgements, and other documents that are required to be provided or made 
available to you during the course of our relationship with you. To reduce the chance of you 
inadvertently not receiving any notice or disclosure, we prefer to provide all of the required 
notices and disclosures to you by the same method and to the same address that you have given 
us. Thus, you can receive all the disclosures and notices electronically or in paper format through 
the paper mail delivery system. If you do not agree with this process, please let us know as 
described below. Please also see the paragraph immediately above that describes the 
consequences of your electing not to receive delivery of the notices and disclosures 
electronically from us. 
 
How to contact The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea Market:  
You may contact us to let us know of your changes as to how we may contact you electronically, 
to request paper copies of certain information from us, and to withdraw your prior consent to 
receive notices and disclosures electronically as follows: 
To contact us by email send messages to: molly.nightingale@nashville.gov 
 
To advise The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea Market of your new email address  
To let us know of a change in your email address where we should send notices and disclosures 
electronically to you, you must send an email message to us at molly.nightingale@nashville.gov 
and in the body of such request you must state: your previous email address, your new email 
address.  We do not require any other information from you to change your email address.  
If you created a DocuSign account, you may update it with your new email address through your 
account preferences.  
 
To request paper copies from The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea Market  
To request delivery from us of paper copies of the notices and disclosures previously provided 
by us to you electronically, you must send us an email to molly.nightingale@nashville.gov and 
in the body of such request you must state your email address, full name, mailing address, and 
telephone number. We will bill you for any fees at that time, if any. 
 
To withdraw your consent with The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea Market  
To inform us that you no longer wish to receive future notices and disclosures in electronic 
format you may: 
ARCHIVE


i. decline to sign a document from within your signing session, and on the subsequent page, 
select the check-box indicating you wish to withdraw your consent, or you may; 
ii. send us an email to molly.nightingale@nashville.gov and in the body of such request you 
must state your email, full name, mailing address, and telephone number. We do not need any 
other information from you to withdraw consent..  The consequences of your withdrawing 
consent for online documents will be that transactions may take a longer time to process.. 
 
Required hardware and software  
The minimum system requirements for using the DocuSign system may change over time. The 
current system requirements are found here: https://support.docusign.com/guides/signer-guide-
signing-system-requirements.  
 
Acknowledging your access and consent to receive and sign documents electronically  
To confirm to us that you can access this information electronically, which will be similar to 
other electronic notices and disclosures that we will provide to you, please confirm that you have 
read this ERSD, and (i) that you are able to print on paper or electronically save this ERSD for 
your future reference and access; or (ii) that you are able to email this ERSD to an email address 
where you will be able to print on paper or save it for your future reference and access. Further, 
if you consent to receiving notices and disclosures exclusively in electronic format as described 
herein, then select the check-box next to ‘I agree to use electronic records and signatures’ before 
clicking ‘CONTINUE’ within the DocuSign system. 
By selecting the check-box next to ‘I agree to use electronic records and signatures’, you confirm 
that: 
 
You can access and read this Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure; and 
 
You can print on paper this Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure, or save or send 
this Electronic Record and Disclosure to a location where you can print it, for future 
reference and access; and 
 
Until or unless you notify The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea Market as 
described above, you consent to receive exclusively through electronic means all notices, 
disclosures, authorizations, acknowledgements, and other documents that are required to 
be provided or made available to you by The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea 
Market during the course of your relationship with The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville 
Flea Market. 
ARCHIVE
