fa^^outub
NASHV
I
L LE
Document # 
License Date
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE
ACTING BY AND THROUGH THE AUTHORITY DELEGATED TO
THE FAIRGROUNDS
BY THE METROPOLITAN BOARD OF FAIR COMMISSIONS
THE fairgrounds LICENSE AGREEMENT
By and Between the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners ("Licensor") and Repti/con
("Licensee") to Wit: The Licensor agrees to furnish the Licensee the use of the following premises:
Exhibitors Building
building(s) as is, with its present lighting, and if available, toilet facilities, water, heat, and office space for
only the purpose of
Repti(fcon Event(s) February 9-10. 2019 & 
May 18-19. 2019
1. Definitions.
a. "Concessionaire" means D&D Events, the contracted concessionaire/caterer of The
Fairgrounds.
b. 'Licensor" means the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County acting
by and through the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners.
c. 'Licensee" or "Promoter" means the entity or peison(s) who possesses the rights covered
herein as granted by the Licensor.
d. "Executive Director" or "Director" means the Executive Director of The Fairgrounds. The
Executive Director shall have full responsibility for the operation of The Fairgrounds and
shall act for and on behalf of Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County
and the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners in the management of The
Fairgrounds.
{N0068140.1) 
Page 1 of 14
ARCHIVE


e. "The Fairgrounds" or "Premises" describes the 117 acre property, bordered by Nolensville
Pike, Craighead Street, and Bransford Avenue and Wedgewood Avenue owned by the
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and managed by the Metropolitan
Board of Fair Commissioners. The term "The Fairgrounds" may also be used in reference to
"the Licensor" as identified in section 1. a.
f. 'Tairgrounds Office" or 'Tairgrounds Staff' means the Executive Director, Secretary, or
Fairgrounds employee charged with organizing the event on behalf of the Executive Director.
2. Term.
a. This license agreement becomes effective upon execution by all parties for use of the
premises beginning 02/0R/19 and ending 02/10/19 .
b. Move-In Date: 02/0R/19 and Time: 12 PM
c. Move-Out Date: 02/10/19 and Time 8 PM
d. Event start date: 02/09/19 and Time TBD
f. The dates and times set forth above shall control in the event of any conflict with any other
move-in and move-out provisions set forth in this Agreement
3. Rent and Rates.
a. Rent: 
The Licensee agrees to nav the Licensor the sitm of $3.468.00 nerevent plus taxes,
equipment and misc. rentals for the use ofthe prerrrises.
b. General Deposits: One-Half (!4) of the total amount due is required as a non-reftindable
deposit upon signing this license agreement, and both the agreement & 
deposit must be
tendered within 10 business days after the License Date. A bank cashier's check for the
remaining balance is due before Move-In.
c. Clean Up- Fee Deposits. There is a refimdable $1000.00 clean-up fee and darrrage deposit for
all events held in The Fairgrounds Speedway and Grandstands, Fair Park and Brown's Creek
Lot There is a refundable $500.00 clean-15) and damage deposit per building rented. After
inspection, if no clean-up is required and there are no damages to the premises, the deposit
referenced in this subsection shall be returned.
d. Move-In and Move-Out: The Licensor will allow the Licensee a Vi day Move-In (hereinafter
"Move-Ih day") beginning at noon on the day before the first day of the term of this License as
listed in Section 2.a. and 2.b. of fliis agreement It is imderstood by the Licensee that no other
use of the premises other ftian set-up will be permitted on Move-In days. The Licensee agrees
to pay to the Licensor "additional rent" equal to Vi day rental (hereinafter "Additional
Rent") if the Licensee moves in before noon on move in day, or if the Licensee sells,
trades, opens to the public, displays, or swaps on Move-In day. Additional rent is also due
for each Vi day that the Licensee occupies the premises over and above the Move-In day, the
term of this License, or each 14 day the Licensee occupies the premises beyond midnight the last
day of the term of this License. (See Section 12 on Vacation and Surrender of Premises). All
rents shall be in the form of a bank cashier's check.
4. Building Layout The Licensee must submit a complete building diagram set up to The Fairgrounds
Office Staff at least 10 business days prior to the event in order to receive Metro Fire Marshal
approval. Failure to comply with this requirement may result in closure of the show or delayed opening
{N0068140.1) 
Page 2 of 14
ARCHIVE


of the event The Licensee will assume Ml responsibility for obtaining Metro Fire Marshal approval on
diagrams not received in Fairgrounds ofiSce 10 business days prior to the event. A penalty will be
assessed of $50 per day imtil the approved diagram is received. * There shall be NO ELECTRICAL
CORDS OP the ground where the public walks per Metro Codes Dept.
5. Inspection of Facilities. The Fairgrounds will perform a bmlding and grounds walk-through
inspection with the Licensee to review the condition of the fecilities, prior to turning the facilities
over for the Licensee's event Any pre-existing damage shall be noted and signed by both the
Licensee and the Licensor. If appropriate, photographs may also be taken. A post event walk
through shall also be conducted by The Fairgrounds. The licensee is fiee to participate in said
walk-through.
6. Protection of The Fairgrounds' Property. The licensee agrees to return to its former condition
that part of the premises used by the Licensee and to remove all equipment such as floors, booths,
platforms, and wiring erected by the Licensee. The Licensee fiirther agrees to pay the cost of any
and all installations made, and is accountable for all tables, chairs, and miscellaneous items rented.
7. Financial Responsibility for total Repair and Clean-np Costs.
a. Licensee shall be financially responsible for all clean-up and/or damages to The
Fairgrounds and damage to or loss of any of the property or equipment of The Fairgrounds
that exceed the deposit aniount(s) referenced in subsection (3)(c); and/or injury to any
person resulting from the activities or use of The Fairgrounds by the Licensee or
Licensee's representatives, employees, agents, vendors, contractors, members, suppliers
and attendees.
b. The Licensee shall be financially responsible for the costs ofrepairing any damage done to
Mrgrormds buildings, roads, grass lots, fencing or other property caused by Licensee or
, 
their representatives, employees, agents, vendors, contractors, members, suppliers and
attendees.
c. The usage of tape or adhesives results in chipped and damaged paint on the premises and,
therefore, neither tape nor similar adhesive shall be placed on walls or doors. Costs to
repair tape and adhesive damage to walls and doors will be charged to the Licensee. Use of
confetti is prohibited.
(L If there is damage to turf due to, but not limited to, the movement of large equipment,
garbage dumpsters, stages, crowds, or other vehicles and equipment, site restoration must
include, but is not limited to, leveling, aerification, overseeeding, and fertilization.
Restoration plan must be approved by The Fairgrounds prior to begimung any work.
e. The Fairgrounds will not accept the assignment of insurance benefits for such repairs. In
the event of damage, the Licensee shall be given photographs of the damaged property and
a bill for the cost ofthe repairs. Licensee will then have 14 business days from the date that
the repair charges are presented to the Licensee to render their payment in full to the
Licensee. If legal action is required to collect the repair costs from the Licensee, the
Licensee shall also pay for such resulting legal fees and court costs.
f. The provisions of this Section 7 and Section 33 herein below shall not apply to the
contributory extent of the negligence or wrongM acts of Licensor or its agents, employees
or representatives.
{N0068M0.1) 
Page 3 of 14
ARCHIVE


8. Insurance.
a. The licensee agrees to furnish broad form comprehensive general liability insurance in
the amount of $1,000,000.00 and property damage coverage in the amount of
$25,000.00.
b. Automobile liability is required in the amount of 1,000,000 (if the contractor will be
making dehveries on site or loading/unloading on site).
c. Licensee shall maintain workers' compensation insurance with statutory limits required
by the State of Tennessee or other applicable laws and Employer's Liability Insurance
with limits of no less than 100,000 dollars, as required by the laws of Tennessee (not
required for companies with fewer than 5 employees).
d. The policy is to be written so as to name as "additional insured" and protect
Metropohtan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, the Board of Fair
Commissioners, it ofiScers, agents, servants, employees, and the Executive Director from
loss or liability and is to be delivered to the ofiBce of the Executive Director prior to taking
possession of the premises by the Licensee.
e. Further, the Licensee shall indemnify, exonerate, insure, and hold harmless the Licensor
from any and all claims for damages, losses, or injuries, resulting from, arising out of, or in
any way connected with, directly or indirectly, the use of the premises, whether said
claims be made by employees, agents, or servants of the parties hereto or by third parties,
except such damages, losses or injuries, as may result solely from negligence by the
Licensor. Licensee further agrees to defend Licensor in any legal proceedings or to pay
Licensor its reasonable attorney fees for defending itself against any such claim.
f. The policy shall begin coverage at Move-In time and be carried through Move-Out
time.
Securitv. The Licensee agrees to furnish a Security Plan to The Fairgrounds at least 30 days prior
to the event and include sufficient security officers and/or police officers to maintain law and order.
Certain events may be required to have a minimum number of Metro Police Officers to be paid for
by the Licensee for traffic control.
9. Vacation of Premises and Surrender.
a. All events held outside the buildings on Monday-Thursday & 
Sunday nights must end no
later than 10 p.m. All events held outside on Friday & 
Saturday ni^ts must end no later
than 11 p.m. All events held inside the buildings must end no later than 11:00 p.m. GST.
Licensee will be charged a penalty not less than 25% of the rental cost per additional hour
fee/per building or facihty if the event end times are not adhered to or the facilities are not
vacated of all persons by the time specified in section 2.
b. If Licensee fails to surrender the premises to The Fairgroimds at the expiration of the term
for use stated herein, then The Fairgrounds may remove from the premises all effects
remaining therein and store the same wherever it sees fit at Licensee's cost, expense, and
risk. The Fairgrounds shall not be liable to Licensee for removing and storing such effects.
For such additional periods as any effects of Licensee remain at The Fairgrounds, Licensee
shall pay The Fairgrounds double the rate for the space. In addition. Licensee shall be
hable to The Fairgroimds for any claim or damages suffered by The Fairgrounds resulting
from Licensee's feilure to surrender the premises to The Fairgrounds in as good condition
as Licensee received the same.
10. Cancellation. No event cancellations will be accepted by The Fairgroimds except as provided in
Sections 12 and 45 of this license. Licensee sh^l be responsible for 100% of the rent on all
(Noo68i4o.i> 
Page 4 of 14
ARCHIVE


licensed premises regardless of actual use or occupancy. This license shall not be signed for a term
in excess of one year fixjm the contract date.
11. Termination. Should Licensee M 
to fulfill in a timely and proper manner its obligations under
this license or if it should violate any terms of this lieense, the Licensor shall have the right to
immediately terminate the hcense. Sueh termination shall not relieve Licensee of any liability to
the Licensor for damages sustained by virtue of any breach by Licensee. Should fimding for this
contract be discontinued, the Licensor shall have the right to terminate this license immediately
upon written notice to Licensee. The Licensor may terminate this license at any time upon thirty
(30) days written notice to Licensee.
12. Default by Licensee. Licensee shall be in defeult ofthis agreement: 1) if it fails to pay any amounts
due under this License, 2) if it breaches any provision of this License or of any rules and regulations
promulgated by The Fairgrounds, 3) if it violates any applicable federal, state, or local laws during
its use of the premises, or 4) if it should dissolve or cease doing business, become insolvent or
bankrupt Upon default by Licensee, The Fairgrounds may in its sole discretion:
a. Terminate the contract immediately, and deelare the entire License fee for the balance of
the term due and payable.
b. Reenter and relet the property or any part thereof, or operate the same, for the balance of
the Term, receive rents there from and apply them first to expenses of making necessary
repairs to the premises, attomey's fees, and all other reasonable expenses of Fairgroimds in
reentering the premises and reletting the premises, and second, to the payment of the
license fee hereunder.
c. Terminate this license by giving Licensee written notice of termination, which shall not
excuse breaches of this License, having already occurred. Upon termination, the relation
of the parties shall be the same as if the term had fiiUy expired and the said Fairgrounds
may reenter the premises and remove all persons there fi-om and resort to any legal
proceedings to obtain possession and Licensee shall, notwithstanding such reentry, pay the
full amount of said rental as herein agreed to be paid together with any other costs,
expenses, or damages incurred by The Fairgrounds as result ofbreach of this Agreement..
d. Prrrsue any other remedies available to the Licensor either at law or equity. Licerrsor shall
be imder no obligation to relet the Premises.
13. Default bv The Fairgrounds. The Fairgrounds shall be in default of this Licerrse if it fails to
provide the Prerrrises at the time required by this License, fir the event of default by The
Fairgrounds the liability of The Fairgrounds shall be limited to the retum to the Licensee of the
uneamed rent paid to The Fairgrotmds under this License.
14. Maintenance of Records. Licensee shall maintain docirmentation for all charges agairrst the
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson Coimty. The books, records, and documents
of Licensee, insofar as they relate to work performed or money received under the license
agreement, shall be maintained for a period of three (3) full years from the date of final payment
and will be subject to audit, at any reasonable time and upon reasorrable notice by the Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County or its dirly appointed representatives. The records
shall be maintained in accordance with generally accepted accoimting principles.
15. Modification of Contract This contract may be modified orrly by written amendment executed
by all parties and their signatories hereto.
16. Partnership/Joint Venture. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to create a
partnership or joint venture between the parties or to create the relationship of principal and agent
{N0068140.1) 
Page 5 of 14
ARCHIVE


between or among any of the parties. None of the parties hereto shall hold itself out in a manner
contrary to the terms of this paragraph. No party shall become liable for any representation, act or
omission of any other parly contrary to the terms of this paragraph.
17. Like Show.s. Significantly Similar Shows: It is the desire of The Fairgroimds to have a
complimentary mix of entertainment events for the mutual benefit of the public and the promoters.
Events that are of a significantly similar nature may affect attendance and/or appeal to the
public. Therefore. The Fairgrounds reserves the right to require a reasonable period of time
between scheduling events that are significantlv similar in nature.
18. Concessions. The Fairgroimds reserves for itself, its agents, contractors, or concessionaires the
sole right to the following sales and services: sales and serving of all food, beverages (alcoholic
& 
non-alcoholic). Sales and serving of all food and beverages (alcoholic and non-alcoholic) must
utilize the. Concessionaire as contracted by the Metropolitan Government. The Fairgrounds will
initiate and facilitate contact between the Licensee and Concessionaire for event planning
purposes. If the Concessionaire is imable or unwilling to provide service based on reasonable
request as determined by The Fairgrounds, an altemative vendor, properly licensed by the TABC
and/or permitted Metro Beer Permit Board may be engaged upon written authorization by The
Fairgrounds to the Licensee.
^a. Licensee 
will 
ne^ 
Beer/Alcoholic 
Beverages served 
at 
the
event: Yes 
No \r
b. By entering into this License Agreement, Licensee hereby represents and warrants that it
will neither finnish beer/alcoholic beverages to the public, guests, and/or invitees nor
allow such to be brought onto the property except as provided in SectionlS. a. above.
c. NO BOOTHS or EXHIBITS are allowed to be within 10 ft. of any the concession
stand.
19. Utilities. The Fairgrounds will provide (if available inside buildings) customary fighting, heating,
air conditioning, and water at no additional cost to the Licensee. There shall be a charge for using
electric wall outlets for use inside buildings. Authorized use of outdoor utilities shall be priced in
advanced and noted in an addendum to this agreement.
20. Portable Restrooms. The Licensee is responsible for providing sufficient portable restrooms and
hand washing stations or sanitizing stations to accommodate the size of the event One portable
restroom for every 100 people is required for all special events that do not provide beverages and
one portable restroom for every 50 people is required for special events providing beverages.
Handwashing or sanitizing stations are required for every 150 people. Portable restrooms must be
provided by event organizer if estimated attendance exceeds the capacity of available restroom
facilities within the footprint ofthe event.
21. Parking Fees. The Fairgrounds reserves the right to charge a parking fee for all events held at The
Fairgrounds..
22. Licenses and Taxes. Licensee shall obtain at its own expense all licenses and permits required by
law, and Licensee shall pay all taxes, fees, and charges required by any governmental authority in
connection with its use of the premises.
23. Lien. The Licensee hereby grants to The Fairgrounds a first lien on all property of the Licensee,
whether from ticket sales or any other source, to secure the payment of rent, taxes, charges or
damages herein covenanted to be paid by the Licensee, for the purpose of securing the performance
of any and all covenants, conditions, or obligations arising under this License, fir the event of
(N0068 M0.1} 
Page 6 of 14
ARCHIVE


default The Fairgrounds may take possession of any and all of said property including box office
receipts and hold the same until such default has been remedied, and if not remedied or satisfied
within ten (10) days of such default The Fairgrounds may advertise said property or properties for
sale and upon such sale apply the proceeds to the satisfection of any amounts due The Fairgrounds
and shall pay to the Licensee any sums remaining. This remedy is not exclusive, and The
Fairgrounds may at its discretion pursue any appropriate remedy to recover aU or any deficits
remaining on the above mentioned rents, charges, and other sums.
24. ControL The Fairgrounds reserves the right throughout the Term to control the operation and
management of the premises. The Fairgrounds Executive Director and staff have the right to enter
the premises at any time for any purpose, including removal of any person who, in the sole
judgment, of the Executive Director or designated assistants, is disrupting or ohstmcting the proper
operation and rrranagement of the premises.
25. Use of Premises. The Executive Director and staff may use any part of the premises during Move-
In, during Move-Out, and at any time Licensee is not actively using the particular part of the
premises, so long as the Executive Director's use does not interfere with the Licensee's use.
26. Hazardous Property. Licensee shall not bring upon the premises any exhibit, equipment or
vehicles which, in the sole reasonable judgment of &e Executive Director, would be or might be
dangerous to persons or property or otherwise incompatible with the stmcture, systems, and
furnishings ofthe premises.
27. Copyrights. Royalties, and Trademarks. Licensee warrants that no music, hterary or artistic
work or other property protected by copyri^ted will be performed, reproduced or used, nor will
the name of any entity protected by trademark he reproduced or used during Licensee's use of the
premises unless Licensee has obtained written permission fi'om the trademark or copyright holder.
' 
Licensee covenants to comply strictly with all laws respecting copyright, royalties, and trademarks
and warrants that it will not infiinge any related statutory, common law, or the right of any person
during its use of the premises. Licensee will indemnify and hold The Fairgrounds and its officers,
agents, and employees harmless fi^om all claims, losses and damages (including court costs and
attorney fees) with respect to such copyright, royalty, or trademark rights.
28. Abandoned Property. Any property remaining on the premises or any property stored by The
Fairgrounds, which has not been claimed by Licensee within ten (10) days after the expiration of
the term, shall he deemed abandoned by Licensee. At the The Fairgrounds' option. The
Fairgrounds may: 1) take possession of it and treat it as its own property and utilize it, or destroy it
or otherwise dispose of it, or 2) store it at the Licensee's sole cost, expense, and risk. The Licensee
hereby waives any right to claim the value thereof or damages therefore. The Licensee shall be
liable to The Fairgrounds for: 1) the cost incurred by The Fairgrounds in disposing of or destroying
the abandoned property and, 2) the cost of storing it if The Fairgrounds elects to store it for the
Licensee.
29. Waiver. No waiver by either party of any de&ult shall operate as a waiver of any other default, or
the same default on a future occasion. No delay or omission by either party in exercising any right
or remedy shall operate as a waiver thereof, and no single or partial exercise of a right or remedy
shaU prelude any other further exercise thereof, or the exercise of any other right or remedy.
{N0068140.1) 
Page 7 of 14
ARCHIVE


30. Licensee's Assiimntinn of Responsibility. Licensee expressly assumes M 
responsibility for all
persons connected with Licensee's use of the premises, including all its employees, agents,
members, invitees, and licensees.
31. Indemnification and Hold Harmless. 
The Licensee agrees to indemnify, exonerate, insure,
defend, and save harmless the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners and any employee,
agent, or servant of The Fairgrounds or flie Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson
County of losses, or injuries, resulting from, growing out of, or in any way connected with, directly,
or indirectly, the use of the premises, whether said claims arise out of, including, without
limitations, the acts and/or omissions of its employees, agents, independent contractors, or third
parties. To the extent of the proceeds received by ie Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners
and the Metropohtan Government under any insurance furnished for the benefit of the Metropohtan
Board of Fair Commissioners by Licensee, the obligation to indemnify and save harmless the
Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners and the Metropohtan Government against the subject
matter of said insurance shall be deemed to be satisfied pro tan to. This Section 33 is subject to
Section 7(e) herein above.
32. Release of Liability. The parties agree that the individual members of the Metropolitan Board of
Fair Commissioners and any employee, agent, or servant of The Fairgrounds or Metropohtan
Government of Nashvihe and Davidson County assume no personal responsibihty for the making
of this License. The parties further release ah individual members of the Metropohtan Board of
Fair Commissioners, and any employee, agent, or servant of The Fairgrounds or Metropohtan
Government of Nashvhle and Davidson County, from any personal habihty growing out of or
concerning the making of this License.
33. Time of Essence. Time is of the essence of this License. If the deposit and signed license
agreement is not received within 10 business days of the contract date. Licensor reserves the
right to cancel the event and terminate this hcense and/or license the buhding(s) for use by another
party.
34. Cnntinpent Fees. Licensee agrees that Licensee has not been retained or retained any persons to
solicit or secure a Metro contract upon an agreement or understanding for a contingent commission,
percentage, or brokerage fee, except for retention of bona fide employees or bona fide estabhshed
commercial selling agencies for the purpose of securing business. Breach of the provisions of this
paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of the ethical standards which may
result in civil or criminal sanctions and/or debarment or suspension from being a hcensee under
Metro contracts.
35. F.mnlnvment. Licensee afSrms that it does not subscribe to any personnel policy that permits or
allows for the promotion, demotion, dismissal, or laying off of any individual due to race, creed,
color, national origin, age, sex, or handicapping condition. No person shall be excluded from
participation in, be denied benefits of, be discriminated against in the admission or access to, or be
discriminated against in treatment or employment in the Metropohtan Government of Nashville
and Davidson County's contracted programs or activities, on the grounds of handicap and/or
disabihty, age, race, color, reUgion, sex, national origin, or any other classification protected by
federal or Termessee State Constitutional or statutory law; nor shall they be excluded from
participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination in the
performance of contracts with the Metropohtan Government of Nashvihe and Davidson County or
in the employment practices of Metro's Licensees. Accordingly, ah Licensees entering into
agreements with Licensor shah, upon request, be required to show proof of such nondiscrimination
{N0068140.1) 
Page 8 of 14
ARCHIVE


and to post in conspicuous places that are available to all employees and applicants, notices of
nondiscriminatioa
36. Ethical Standards. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or agree to
give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to solicit,
demand, accept or agree to accept ftom another person, a gratuity or an offer of employment in
connection with any decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation, preparation of any part of a
program requirement or a purchase request, influencing the content of any specification or
procurement standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any other advisory capacity
in any proceeding or application, request for raling, determination, claim or controversy or other
particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or subcontract or to any
solicitation or proposal therefore. Breach of the provisions of this paragraph is, in addition to a
breach of this contract, a breach of ethical standards which may result in civil or criminal sanction
and/or debarment or suspension fi-om being a contractor under the Metropolitan Government of
Nashville and Davidson County contracts.
37. Assignment. Consent Required. The provision of this License shall inure to the benefit of and be
binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Neither this license nor any
of the rights and obligations of the Licensee hereunder shall be assigned or transferred in whole or in part
to any person, firm, or corporation without the prior written consent of the Licensor, which consent shall
not he unreasonably withheld. Any such assigrmient or transfer shall not relieve licensee fi-om
obligations hereunder. Any approved assignee shall assume each and every obligation of Licensee
hereunder, and Licensor may contract -with or accept monies fiom any such assignees without waiving
. any of its ri^ts hereunder.
38. Compliance with Laws. Licensee agrees that every person connected with Licensee's occupancy
and use of premises covered by this license agreement shall abide by, conform to, and comply with
all laws of the United States and the State of Tennessee, and all of the ordinances of the
Metropolitan Government of Nash-ville and Davidson County, together with the rules, regulations,
and policies of Licensor for the government and management of said premises. Licensee agrees to
follow all resolutions and policies of the Board of Fair Commissioners in place at the time of
the event Licensee will not do, or suffer to be done, anything on said premises during the term of
this License Agreement in violation of any such laws, ordinances, rules, or regulations, and if the
attention of the Licensor is called to such -violation on the part of the Licensee or any person
employed or admitted to the premises by said Licensee, said Licensee will immediately
desist fiom and correct such violatiotL
39. Iran Divestment Acfc In accordance with the Iran Divestment Act, Tennessee Code Aimotated
§12-12-101 et seq.. Licensee certifies that to the best of its knowledge and belief, neither Licensee
nor any of its subcontractors are on the list created pursuant to Tennessee Code Annotated §12-12-
106. Mrsrepresentation may result in civil and criminal sanctions, including contract termination,
debarment, or suspension fiom being a Licensee, Contractor, or subcontractor under Metro
contracts.
40. Governing Law. The laws of the State of Tennessee shall control the validity, constmction and
effect of this License and also any extension and/or modifications of 
it.
41. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or
agree to give any employee or former employee to solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept fiom
another person, a gratuily or an offer of employment in connection with any decision, approval,
disapproval, recommendation, preparation of any part of a program requirement or a purchase
IN0068140.1) 
Page 9 of 14
ARCHIVE


request, influencing the content of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice,
investigation, auditing or in any other advisory edacity in any proceeding or application, request
for ruling, determination, claim or controversy or other particular matter, concerning any program
requirement of a contract, or sub-contract or to any solicitation or proposal thereof. It shall be a
breach of ethical standards to make any payment, gratuity, or offer of enqjloyment, by or for a sub
contractor under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or any person
associated therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order.
42. Force Maieure. If the premises or any part of The Fairgrounds is destroyed or damaged by fire or
any other cause, or if any other casualty or unforeseen occurrence renders the fulfillment of this
License by The Fairgrounds impossible, the Licensee shall be liable for rent which has accrued
only at the time of termination, provided, however, if such impossibility of performance shall be
due to the act or omissions of Licensee, its agents, employees, members, licensees, or invitees, then
the Licensee shall be liable for the entire rent charged hereunder as well as all accmed charges in
addition to such other damages as may result fi'om such acts or omissions. Licensee hereby waives
any claim for damages or compensation fix)m The Fairgrounds on account of such termination.
43. Severabilitv. Should any court of competent jurisdiction declare any provision of this License
invahd, then, such provision shall be severed and shall not affect the validity of the remaining
provisions of this License.
44. Entire Agreement This License constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and
superseded all previous understandings. This License may not be modified except by written
consent of the parties hereto.
45. Logos and Trademarks. The Fairgrounds in its sole discretion may require prominent placement
of its logo on any and all promotional materials, whether print or digital, related to your special
event The unauthorized use of "The Fairgrounds" trademarks and logos is strictly prohibited.
46. Signage. All signage must be in accordance with The Fairground signage policies as approved by
the Board of Fair Commissioners. Any and all signage inconsistent with the approved policy is
prohibited. All signage must be approved prior to installation and must be removed within one (1)
hour of the close of the event.
47. Shipping. The Fairgrounds will not be responsible for the acceptance and/or storage of any
shipments relating to the event.
48. Brown's Creek. Licensor shall conduct no activities resulting in discharge to or harmful impact to
Brown's Creek. The Metropolitan Stormwater Department is authorized to inspect property and
require the discontinuance of any activities that could result in harmful or hazardous impact to
Brown's Creek or activities found to be harmfid to public health safety and welfere generally as it
relates to Brown's Creek or stormwater run-off.
49. Residual Matters. Any matters, not expressly covered by this License or by applicable rules and
regulations adopted by The Fairgrounds shall be determined by the Executive Director's sole
discretion.
50. Exhibits. Exhibits A, B, and C 
are attached to this license agreement and incorporated herein.
51. Notices and Designation of Agent for Service of Process.
{N0068I40.I) 
Page 10 of 14
ARCHIVE


a Notice of to the Licensor concerning this license shall be delivered to:
The Fairgrounds Nashville Shipping by FED-X ,IIPS & 
DHL:
P.O. Box 40208 
624 Smith Ave.
Nashville, TN 37204 
Nashville, Tn.
Phone: (615) 862-8994 
37203
Fax: (615) 862-8992 
ifquestions call 615-862-8980
* We will ONLY accept flie week of event
b. Notices to Licensee shall be delivered to:
Licensee: Horpetfirama Tno Hha Reptirnn 
. 
i
Att'nujuiluiLlvtgBo
Address: 1814 5tfa Street SB. Winter Haven. FL 33880
c. Licensee hereby designates the following as the Licensee's agent for service of process
and will waive any objection to service of process ifprocess is served upon this agent
Designated Agent: Herpetprama Inc. dba Repticon
Attn: Hiiflime. iywHo
Address: 1814 5th Street SB. Winter Haven. FL 33880
iciitirtiiirt lilt.- 'jua
ley A. 
1^
52. Additional Provisions:
Move in times for May Event are as follows: 05/17/19 load in at 12 PM. load out 05/19/19 bv 8 PM
The venue rental amount per event before taxes will be S3.468.00 for the Exhibitors Building
(This Space Is IntentionaJly Left Blank)
(Noo68i4o.i( 
Page 11 of 14
ARCHIVE


53. EFFECITVE DATE. This license shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed first
by the Licensee and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government When it
has been so signed, this license shall be effective as of the date first ■written above.
{Noi)6aMo.i} 
Page 12 of 14
ARCHIVE


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the patties have executed their signatures as of the date first above
written.
LICENSOR;
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY,
TENNESSEE BY AND THROUGH
THE BOARD OF FAIR COMMISSIONERS
LICENSEE:
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY
OF FUNDS:
Talia Lomax-O'dneal 
W ^
Director of Finance 
I
APPROVED AS TO INSURANCE
REQUIREMENTS:
''>N
DirectoCSf Insurance
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND
LEG^
BY:
Title:
m.
Sworn to and subscribed, to before me,
a Notary Public, thisj^-^ay of
>2018, by
_ of Licensee and
duly authorized to execute this instrument on
behalf of 
Repticon
(LICENSEE)
Notary Pualic
My Commission Expires
Metropolitan Attomey
Filed with the Metropolitsn Clerk: 1^ ^ 3 , 20 /E^
'
 state of Florida
. 
I# . 
Elizabeth D Mello
5 My Commission FF 238197
>o?fv9* Expires 06/08/2019
Metropolitan Clerk
(N0068140.I)
Page 13 of 14
ARCHIVE


yACORD
CERTIFICATE OF LIABILITY INSURANCE
DATE (MM/DD/YYYY)
THIS CERTIFICATE IS ISSUED AS A NIATTER OF INFORMATION ONLY AND CONFERS NO RIGHTS UPON THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER. THIS
CERTIFICATE DOES NOT AFFIRMATIVELY OR NEGATIVELY AMEND, EXTEND OR ALTER THE COVERAGE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES
BELOW. THIS CERTIFICATE OF INSURANCE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A CONTRACT BETWEEN THE ISSUING INSURER(S), AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OR PRODUCER, AND THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER.
IMPORTANT: If the certificate holder Is an ADDITIONAL INSURED, the pollcy(les) must have ADDITIONAL INSURED provisions or be endorsed.
If SUBROGATION IS WAIVED, subject to the terms and conditions of the policy, certain policies may require an endorsement. A statement on
this certificate does not confer rights to the certificate holder in lieu of such endorsement(s).
PRODUCER
Coieman Insurance Agency, Inc
35111 US Highway 19 N, Ste. 303
Palm Harbor 
FL 34684
NAMEf*^^ Corey Seymour
(727) 239-4976 
TA/aNoi: (727)441-9566
AnriRRss- Corey@ColemanAgencyFL.com
INSURER(S) AFFORDING COVERAGE
NAIC#
INSURERA: MAXUM INDEMNITY INS CO
INSURED
Herpetcrama Inc Dba Reptlcon
1814 5th Street SE
Winter Haven 
FL 33880
INSURER B:
INSURER C:
INSURER D:
INSURER E:
INSURER F:
COVERAGES 
CERTIFICATE NUMBER: 
REVISION NUMBER:
THIS IS TO CERTIFY THAT THE POLIGIES OF INSURANCE LISTED BELOW HAVE BEEN ISSUED TO THE INSURED NAMED ABOVE FOR THE POLICY PERIOD
INDICATED. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY REQUIREMENT, TERM OR CONDITION OF ANY CONTRACT OR OTHER DOCUMENT WITH RESPECT TO WHICH THIS
CERTIFICATE MAY BE ISSUED OR MAY PERTAIN, THE INSURANCE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES DESCRIBED HEREIN IS SUBJECT TO ALL THE TERMS,
EXCLUSIONS AND CONDITIONS OF SUCH POLICIES. LIMITS SHOWN MAY HAVE BEEN REDUCED BY PAID CLAIMS.
INSR
LTR
TYPE OF INSURANCE
ADDL
INSn
SUBR
wvn
POLICY NUMBER
POLICY EFF
fMM/DD/YYYY)
POLICY EXP
fMM/DD/YYYYI
LIMITS
A
X
COMMERCIAL GENERAL LIABILITY
Y
Y
BDG301460003
06/18/2018
06/18/2019
EACH OCCURRENCE
$
 1,000,000
CLAIMS-MADE X
OCCUR
DAMAGE TO RENTED
PREMISES /Ea occurrence!
S 100,000
MED EXP (Any one person)
$ 1,000
PERSONAL & ADV INJURY
s
 1,000,000
GEr
X
j'L AGGREGATE LIMIT APPLIES PER:
POLICY Q n 
LOG
OTHER:
GENERALAGGREGATE
$ 2,000,000
PRODUCTS - COMP/OP AGG
$
 Included
s 
I
AUTOMOBILE LIABILITY
COMBINED SINGLE LIMIT
(Ea accident!
s
ANY AUTO
BODILY INJURY (Per person)'
$
OWNED
AUTOS ONLY
HIRED
AUTOS ONLY
SCHEDULED "
AUTOS
NON-OWNED
AUTOS ONLY
BODILY INJURY (Per accident) $
PROPERTY DAMAGE
(Per accident!
s
$
UMBRELLA LIAB
EXCESS LIAB
OCCUR
CLAIMS-MADE
EACH OCCURRENCE
s
AGGREGATE
$
DED 
RETENTION $
$
WORKERS COMPENSATION
AND EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY 
y / N
ANY PROPRIETOR/PARTNER/EXECUTIVE 1—h
OFFICER/MEMBER EXCLUDED?
(Mandatory In NH)
If yes, describe under
DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS below
N/A
PER 
OTH-
STATUTE 
ER
E.L EACH ACCIDENT
$
E.L DISEASE - EA EMPLOYEE s
E.L DISEASE - POLICY LIMIT
$
DES
Me
Lia
:RIPTI0N of operations/LOCATIONS/VEHICLES (ACORD 101, Additional Remarks Schedulej may be attached If more space Is required)
tropolitan Government and the Fairgrounds Nashville its officials, officers, employees and volunteers are listed as Additional Insured with respect to General
jility.'
The Fairgrounds Metropolitan Government of Nashville
and Davidson County, the board of Fair Commissioners
625 Smith Avenue
Nashville 
TN 37204
SHOULD ANY OF THE ABOVE DESCRIBED POLICIES BE CANCELLED BEFORE
THE EXPIRATION DATE THEREOF, NOTICE WILL BE DELIVERED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE POLICY PROVISIONS.
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
ACORD 25 (2016/03)
© 1988-2016 ACORD CORPOI^TION. All rights reserved,
the ACORD name and logo are registered marks of ACORD
ARCHIVE
