tea L-RTAN — :
ae ; ooo. UNITED CONTRACT
. METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE AIRPORT AUTHORITY 6 6 8 j 3
; NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE ————
. RECEIVED
SCHEOULED CERTIFIED AIR CARRIER OPERATING AGREEMENT
JUN LI 1984
This Agreement, made and entered into on this; the AEIROPO: , ONE
, doen > 19 B4: by and between the Metropolitan NashviMeaiepore
, Authority, a public corporation in the State of Tennessee (hereinafter referred .
to as Authority"), and UNITED AIR LINES, INC. 2a :
corporation existing under the laws of the State of “Delaware , with its
principal office at 1200 East Algonquin Rd. , (hereinafter referred to as
Elk Grove Township, IL 60007
"‘Airline.'')
WLTINESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority is the owner and
Operator of the Nashville Metropolitan Airport (hereinafter referred to as 'Airport"’);
and certain air navigational facilities incidental thereto, situated in Davidson
County, State of Tennessee; and

. /

WHEREAS , UNITED AIR LINES, INC. is engaged in the
business of transporting persons, property and cargo to and from the Airport by
air on a scheduled basis:

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual covenants and agree-
ments herein contained, the parties hereto agree as fol lows:

SECTION 1. Operating Rights ~ Airline is permitted to use, in common with
others authorized to do so, the runways, taxiways, navigation aids and other common
use landing field facilities of Nashville Metropolitan Airport for its aircraft
landings and take-offs required in connection with operating a scheduled airline
business to and from said Airport; subject, however to strict compliance by the
Airline with the provisions, conditions and requirements hereinafter set forth.

SECTION 2. Operations Facilities - For the parking of its aircraft, the on
and off loading of its passengers, property and cargo, and its ticketing and baggage
handling activities, Airline shall use such areas on the Airport suitable for such
activities as it has subleased from an existing scheduled certificated air carrier
or as shall be designated by the Authority. The use of such parking and loading
positions shall be subject to such specific changes as the Authority may require
as the exigencies of “the immediate situation may dictate for the safe and proper
handling of aircraft and other vehicular traffic on the apron areas.

- ARCHIVE


co SECTION 3. Term > The ‘term of this Agreement shall be for a period of —
thirty (30) days, commencing on the effective date of this Agreement and shall
; be automatically renewed on a month-to-month basis. This Agreement may be ,
: . terminated at any time by giving a ten (10) day written notice to either party.
SECTION 4, "Landing Fees and User Charges - : .
(a) Operating Fee: Airline shall pay to the Authority, as compensation
: for the Operating rights as defined ‘in Section | above, and as consideration for
: , ‘the execution of ‘this Operating Agreement by Authority, a minimum monthly operating
fee of ‘one hundred dollars (5100.00), ; -
(b) ‘Landing Fée: Airline shall, on or before the tenth (10th) day of
, each month, without demand therefor, furnish Authority a report of the total number
. of aircraft landings, showing the make and type aircraft and certified gross. landing
: weight of each aircraft making a. revenue landing on the Airport during the pre-
. ceeding calendar: month, Along with this report, Airline shall pay a landing fee
‘by submitting to Authority that amount of money representing $0.38 per thousand .
- pounds of the total said landing weight for that month. it is understood by the
. parties hereto that the foregoing landing fee rate. is fifty percent (50%) more ,
‘ than’the prevailing landing fee rate paid Authority by certificated air carriers
having executed the Authority's standard "Airline Use Agreement! containing long
term obligations and commitments not a part of this short term Operating Agreement.
The landing fee rate contained in the standard "Airline Use Agreement"! may be .
sO adjusted periodically, and it is agreed by Airline that the landing fee herein
, "may also be adjusted during the term hereof to maintain a rate which will be fifty  -
percent (50%) more: than the gross landing fee rate reflected in the standard
"Airline Use Agreement." - . . :
: (c) Other Charges: Airline shall pay its pro rata share of FAR 107 ,
, (law enforcement) costs as shall be determined by Authority. Such payment shall ’
be based on Airline's percentage of the Airport's total monthly enplaned passengers,
7 .and shall be due upon receipt of Authority's’ invoice therefor. Airline shall also
‘+ pay its pro rata’share of joint use baggage reclaim area and costs of public address
. system; such payment shall be made on the same basis as stipulated for those air-
. lines having executed the standard “Airline Use, Agreement .!! 7
INITIAL (d) . Other Reports: Airline agrees to submit addi tional monthly activity
. | CHANGES - : - reasonably .
eports as may: be/ requested by Authority, including, but not limited to, reports
ee ling passengers: enplaned and deplaned, “cargo, freight and mail carried. , :
. . ss ; “22 = ‘ , , .
° - Ce So ,
_ _ eel pene ARCHIVE


SECTION 5. Fuels and Repair Work = Airline shall procure all aviation
. fuel and lubricants that are delivered to its aircraft on the Airport only from
into=plane concessionaires authorized to transact business on the Airport or
from a scheduled air carrier providing refueling service or by making separate
— arrangements with the Authority for leasing space in the Airport tenant aviation
_ | fueling storage area, : . :
, Airline shall not do or perform any repair or maintenance work upon its
aircraft while parked upon the Terminal aprons or at the gate position other
than ‘customary fueling and servicing of aircraft Preparatory to loading and take-
off or immediately fol lowing land and unloading. All repair, maintenance and
overhayl] work shall be performed off the Airport unless the same is done and
; performed upon: the premises of the Airport concessionaires authorized by Authority
: to render such service on the Airport.
*  SECTION.6. Indemnification and Insurance
7 (a} The Airline agrees at its expense, to pay, and to indemnify and
_ save harmless the Authority, its Board and all of its officers, agents, and
employees from and against any and all Joss or damage, including reasonable Attorneys‘
- fees, and from any and all claims by or on behalf of any person, firm, corporation,
Or governmental authority, arising by reason of accident, injury, or damage to any
Person or property, for which the Airline may become legally liable as a result of
Arad any error, omission or negligent act by the Airline, its employees or agents in the
ANGEs DR. saxeto
performance of this Agreement ook arising from the operations of the Airline at the
Yeo and the Airline shall further defend, at its expense, any and all suits
: or actions arising out of such claims or matters. .
; (b) Airline shall, at its own expense, maintain proper and sufficient
primary liability and property damage insurance with a reputable insurance company
TIAL licensed to conduct business in the State of Tennessee. The Authority shall be named
NGES
| Sa insured* and shall be furnished with a certificate of insurance, and
oe such insurance shal] not be subject to cancellation without at least thirty (30)
days advance written notice to Authority. Airline shall carry a minimum amount of
ten million dollars ($10,000,000.00) single limit liability and property damage
_ insurance. Jn the event of any actual or alleged injury or damage covered by the
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, it shall be the responsibility-:of Airline,

: at mo expense to Authority, promptly to undertake any and all necessary investigative
and legal proceedings. Failure of Authority, at any time or from time to time, to
enforce the foregoing. provisions of this Paragraph concerning insurance coverage

UTAL ‘ a .
‘ANGEG/ shall not constitute a waiver of those provisions nor in any respect reduce the
x to the extent of the liability assumed by Airline in Section 6(a) herein
~ . Bee te,
| ARCHIVE


te mea le eg a eg eR eae prompt ana timely notice of any

fra 7 claim made or suit instituted which in any way, directly or .

HANG , indirectly, contingently or otherwise affect xv might affect,Airline.

“sad - However, failure to give such notice shall not release or waive airline's sbi 8 hereunder;

. obligation of Airline to defend and hold and save the Authority harmless with
respect to any items of injury or damage covered by paragraph (a), above* Airline
shall also carry Workers! Compensation Insurance in the amounts and form required
by the laws of the State of Tennessee.

. SECTION 7. Rules, Regulations and Conditions - The exercise of the
: Operating rights under this Agreement is conditioned upon strict compliance at
all times during the term or any renewals hereof with the following:
: (a) All Federal rules and regulations. pertaining to Airline's ‘
. Pilots, aircraft and the type of air operations in which
it is engaged at the Nashville Metropolitan Airport.
: (b) All applicable laws of the State of Tennessee, Ordinances
of the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson
* County, Tennessee and rules and regulations made by the
Authority and all oral and/or written instructions given
. . to Airline's personnel by the Federal Aviation Adminis-
. tration Control Tower and Authority's Executive Director
or His duly authorized representative, in regard to the
. conduct of Airline's operations on the Airport.
(c) Neither Airline nor any assignee or other successor of ~
, Airline, shall in any manner, directly or indirectly,
. by operation of law or otherwise, assign, transfer or
encumber this Agreement or any interest therein, nor

INITIAL > license, nor permit the use of the rights herein granted,

"HANGES : in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of

, Authority., which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

- (d) Airtine shall pay all taxes of any character whatsoever

that may be levied, assessed or charged against any and al}
types of taxable property, real or personal, that Airline
. may Own or use in connection with the conduct of its air-
craft operation in or on the Airport. Airline shall also.
pay all license or permit fees necessary or required by
law for the conduct of its operations hereunder.
(e) Airline being engaged in rendering a service, will per-~
. form such service in an efficient and courteous manner,
that will at all times reflect credit upon both the Airline
and the Authority; its personnel, employees and agents will
/ be subject to all conditions specified herein.

: (f) Airline shall not erect any signs, distribute any adver- .
tising material, post any notices, or conduct any soliciting
within the Airport Terminal Building or on Airport property

. without first having the express written permission of the
* Authority's Executive Director or his authorized representative.

: . SECTION 8. Prohibition Against Discrimination - The Airline, for itself,
its personal representatives, successors in interest, and assigns as a part of
the consideration hereof, does hereby covenant and agree, as a covenant running
with the land, that (1) no person on the grounds of race, creed, color, sex, age,
handicap, or national origin shall be excluded from. participation in, denied the

. benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination in the use of the
premises, (2) in the construction of any improvements, on, over, or under the

: premises and the furnishing of services thereon, no person on the grounds of race,
-4 -


_ creed, color, SCX, age, handicap or national origin shall be excluded from parti- .
cipation therein, denied the benefits thereof, or otherwise be subjected Lo
discrimination, (3) the Airline shall use the premises in compliance with all

. other requirements imposed by or pursuant to Title 49, Code of Federal Regulations,
Department of Transportation, Subtitle A, Office of the Secretary, Part 21, Non-

: discrimination in Federally-assisted programs of the Department of Transportation-
Effectuation of Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and as said Regulations

may be amended. , a
The Airline, for itself, its heirs, Personal representatives, successors in
interest, and assigns, as a part of the consideration hereof, does hereby covenant
and agree, aS a covenant running with the land, that in the event facilities are .
constructed, maintained, or otherwise operated on the premises for a purpose fur
which a Department of Transportation program or activity is extended or for
another purpose involving the provision of similar services or benefits, the
‘Airline shall maintain and operate such facilities and services in compliaiee with

“all other requirements imposed pursuant to Title 49, Code of Federal FPeguiat ions,
Department of Transportation, Subtitle A, Office of the Secretary, Part 21,
Nondiserimination in Federally-assisted programs of the Department of Transporia-
tion-Effectuation of Title Vl of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and as said
Regulations may be amended. . : .

Jn the event of breach of any of the above nondiscrimination covenants,

. Authority shall have the right to immediately terminate the Lease and to re-center ;
and repossess said land-and the facilities thereon, and hold the same as if said .
Lene had ‘never been made or issued, .

aa SECTION 9. Environmental Protection ~ eirtime agrees to-upernee end: .

AGES ; i . -
ie ema Seas +o- fel y~protee t—the-auchortey and hss emeirunment- from ane

| Airline specifically agrees to comply: with all Jaws, and
to obey all.rules, regulations, or administrative orders of agencies of Tim
Metropolitan Government of Nashvilje and Davidson County, The State of Jen ier:.

. and The United States as these laws, rules, regulations and administrative orders
may now exist and as they may be hereafter adopted. Airline further agrees tu

SITAR . “, and provided in writing to airline

ANGEGapide by al) rites and regulations adopted .by Authority/relating to protection

rag the environment. ‘ , , .
. ; | 5. . .
* . : = yon oy .
| a Sete eos ARCHIVE


a . . . "SECTION 10, Schedule of Airline = Airline will submit proposed Operating
schedule monthly, fifteen (15) days in advance of each month or prior to each
schedule change. : -

. . SECTION Tl, Late Charge ~ In the event that Airline fails to make any
payment required by the Agreement within thirty. (30) days after such payment becomes
due, Authority shall have the right to charge Airline an additional monthly late
charge equal to one and one-half percent (13%) of the Outstanding delinquent payment.

SECTION 12, -Attorneys! Fees - Should either party bring suit to enforce
any of the terms of the Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover
court costs and reasonable attorneys! fees,

: SECTION 13.. Modification - This Agreement may not be modified unless such

. modification is in writing and. signed by both parties to the Agreement,

SECTION 14, Partial Invalidity - In the event ‘any provision or any portion :
thereof of this Agreement shall be held invalid or unenforceable by any court of
competent jurisdiction, such holding shall not invalidate or render unenforceable
any other provision hereof,

SECTION 15, Governing-Law - This Agreement shall be governed by and con-
strued in accordance with the laws of the state of Tennessee,

: SECTION 16. Headings - The headings in this Agreement are for the purpose
of reference only, and shall not limit or otherwise affect any of the terms hereof.

Author ty agrees that, on payment of fees and charges and performance of
the covenants, conditions and agreements on the Part of the Airline to be performed

hereunder, Airline shall peaceably have and enjoy all rights, licenses, services :
and privileges of said Airport, its appurtenance and facilities granted herein,

: - IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties: have coused this Agreement to be executed

as of the day and year first above written. - ; oom

WITNESS : ‘ 7 ; METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE RPORT AUTHORITY

Secretary , Exe ive Director
WITHESS:, AIRLINE: “UNITED AIR LINES, INC.
L Yuk hon. . 7
OO J. RICHARD STREET
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY: VICE PRESIDENT ~ FACILITIES & AIRPORT AFFAIRS
. MAA Legalf Counsel
. : . ~ 6 - ;
Sn me ARCHIVE
