390
AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND
DAVIDSON COUNTY
AND
Jammie Williams
FOR THE DONATION OF ARTWORK
This agreement is entered into on this 4"^ day of September, 2018, by and between THE
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, 
acting by
and through the Metropolitan Arts Commission ("Metro") AND Jammie Williams. ("DONOR")
for the donation of artworks described in Section 3 ("Work").
1. Purpose. 
The purpose of this agreement is to donate the Work to Metro for
installation and display in a Metro location. Artwork will be displayed at the discretion of
Metro when space is available to do so, in accordance with its Donated Artwork
Guidelines. Installation of the Work is the responsibility of Metro.
2. Duration. 
The Work shall be permanently donated to Metro without legal restriction
as to future use or disposition except with respect to state or federal laws regarding the
preservation, copyright, and/or resale of works of art. If for any reason it becomes
necessary, the Work will be deaccessioned according to the policies set forth in the
Donated Artwork Guidelines and Ordinance attached as Exhibit A.
3. Description of the Work.
Jammie Williams, Metro Nashville 50'^ anniversary medallion, plaster, 20"x20"x3"
4. Donation Conditions. None.
5. Compensation. 
There will be no charges or fees owed to DONOR for the donation
and display of the Work. No monetary donation is necessary because the cost of storage
and maintenance of the Work is negligible.
6. Site Preparation and Installation. 
Metro shall be responsible for the site preparation
and installation of the Work at a site(s) it deems appropriate as well as any costs
associated with the site preparation and/or installation. Metro may determine, at its
discretion, to relocate the Work. Upon relocation, Metro shall remain responsible for the
site preparation and installation at the site of relocation.
7. Informational Signage. 
Metro shall create, install, and maintain any and all
informational signage for the Work as it deems relevant and necessary.
8. Care and Preservation. 
Metro will give the Work donated the same care as it does
other comparable works of art in its possession. It is understood by both parties that all
tangible objects are subject to gradual inherent deterioration for which neither party is
responsible. DONOR will be responsible for transporting and delivering the Work from
its current location to a storage facility coordinated and identified by Metro.
ARCHIVE


9.. Insurance. 
Metro shall provide fine arts insurance covering the Work while in the
possession of Metro and on display at a covered Metro; site. Said fine arts insurance is
subject to exclusions as defined in Metro's fine arts insurance policy,; which is available
upon request to Department/of Law, I^sk Management Services, P.O. Box 196300,
• Nashville, TN 37219. DONOR exonerates and releases Metro'from any liability
exceeding the fine arts policy. Deductibles will be the responsibility of Metro.
10. No Warranty. Metro acknowledges and agrees'that:
;
 : a. Metro is receiving the Work "As; is, where; is" and; "with aU; faults"; . 
;
b. DONOR has made no representations or ■warranties; to- DONEE regarding the
authenticity, quality, nature, condition or compbsition of the work.
c. , DONOR disclaims a:ll warranties and representations, whether express, implied, or .
; : statutory, including :withoutlimitation,;any implied warranties or merchantability
or fitness for a particular purpose. DONOR also disclaims any warranty or other
obligation on account of any claim of infringement or misappropriation of patents,
copyrights, or other intellectual property rights in connection with the work.
11.;Reproductibhs and Credit. DONOR holds no cbpyfight or rights to;reproductibri in the 
.
Wbrk. Gbpyright and all rights to commercial reproduction in the Work shall remain with
Artist. To the extent permitted by law, Metro may photograph, telecast br reproduce the
Work for educational, catalogue, and publicity purposes. Metro will give credit to the .
creator bf the Wbrk ("Artist") in any.reprbductions. It is understbbd that the general
public may photograph objects on exhibitien in the public buildings of Metro.
12. Notices. ; - 
Notices to Metro regarding this agreement shall be sent to:
Director of Public Art
Metro Arts Commission,
■ 800 2"''Ave. South, 4"'Floor
; Nashville, IN 37210 
;
: Notices tb DONOR regarding this agreement shaU be sent to:
.Jammie Williams
1004 Fcrriic Story Road
,, Ashland City TN;37015.
iammie@iammiewilliams.com
. 13. Donor.shall at its^ own,expense transport .the=works to a destination.as determined by
;
 ; Metro.; Upon;deliyery, Metro reserves the right to refuse acceptance of the Work if, in its
reasonable judgment, the Work is damaged, or for any other reason do not meet the
standards of the Metro Arts Guidelines;
l4; Governing Law. 
The validity, construction, and effect of this contract and any and
all extensions and/or modifications thereof shallbe governed by the laws of the State of';
ARCHIVE


^ Tennessee. Tennessee law. shall govern regardless of any language in any attachment or
15. Venue. . 
Any action between the parties arising frorri this agreement shall be
: : maintained indhe.courts, ofDavidson CountyjTermessee.
16. Effective Date. 
• 
This contract shall not he binding upon the parties until it has been
'
 ; Metropolitan (jovemment, and has been filed in the office of the Metropolitan Clerk.
iWTien it has been so signed and filed, this; contract shall be effective as of the date first
. written above.
ARCHIVE


ON BEHALF OF THE
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OE-NASilVILLE AND DAVIDSON
BOUNTY:
4r
Chair, Metro Arts Commission
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY
OF FUNDS:
Director of Finance
APPROVED AS TO INSURANCE:
Thrill
Director of Insurance
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND
L^ALE
Metrqpolitan Attorney
Sworn to and subscri^d to before me, a
Notary Public, thisQ_ day of
2018, by.
the
of
and duly authorized
to execute this instrument on Contactor's
behalf.
Public
My Commission Expires:
My Commission Expires
June 21,2022
STATE
OF
TENNESSEE
notary
PUBLIC
•••.. 
O
'''III 11**^
FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE
METROPOLITAN CLERK:
DATE FILED: 
SEP 2 0 M
DONOR:
By:
Title:
ARCHIVE
