be, : | TCH “Ui lp
theo 7 | RECEIVED
oo f NOV 8 feng
- | 3S METROPOLITAN
AIRPORT JOINT USE AGREEMENT : CLERK
THIS AGREEMENT made and entered into this 27 day of Oc Bla
198, by and , between the NASHVILLE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT AUTHORITY, .
created pursuant to Tennessee Code annotated Section 42-4-101, et seq.,
(herein- after referred to as the “Authority"); and the UNITED STATES OF
AMERICA, acting by and through the Chief, National Guard Bureau, and the
STATE OF TENNESSEE, acting by and through the Adjutant General
(hereinafter collectively referred to as the Government"). ‘
WITNESSET a:
WHEREAS, the Authority owns and operates the Nashville International
Airport (hereinafter referred to as the "Airport"), located in Nashville,
Davidson County, Tennessee; and
WHEREAS, the Government requires substantial use of the flying
facilities at the Airport for the Air National Guard, as well as for other
occasional transient government aircraft; and
WHEREAS, the Authority is agreeable to such substantial use, in
common with other users of the Airport, of the flying facilities by the
Government under this Agreement; and
. . ARCHIVE
! 7 :


WHEREAS, the Government and the Authority desire to provide for the
delineation of responsibility for operation and maintenance of the flying
facilities jointly used in common with others, at the Airport and toa .
establish the Government's reasonable share, proportional to such use, of
the cost of operating and maintaining such jointly used flying facilities;
NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto, do mutually covenant and agree
as follows:
1. JOINT USE. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, the Government shall have the use, in common with other users :
of the Airport, present’ and prospective, of the jointly used flying
facilities of the Airport, together with all improvements and facilities
pertaining thereto and situated thereon and all future improvements and
facilities thereto, as may be added or constructed from time-to-time, and -
all necessary and convenient rights of ingress and egress to and from such
jointly used flying facilities and the Air National Guard installation and
other Government facilities located on the Airport. Routes for ingress
and egress for the Government's employees, agents, customers and
contractors shall not unduly restrict the Government in its operations.
2. DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Agreement, the “jointly
used flying facilities” are the runways, taxiways, lighting systems,
. Mavigational aids, markings and appurtenances open to public use and use
| | oo ARCHIVE


a . .
by the Government, including all future additions, improvements, and
facilities thereto as may be added or -constructed. Land areas used
exclusively by the Government are not “jointly used flying facilities,” :
nor are the terminal buildings, hangars, non-government parking aprons and
ramps, or other areas or structures used exclusively by the Authority or
its lessees, permittees, or licensees for civilian or commercial purposes.
3. AUTHORITY RESPONSIBILITIES. The Authority will be
responsible for the following services and functions, to standards in
accordance with Paragraph 6 herein:
a. Furnishing. all personnel, materials and equipment required
in the rendering of the services to be provided under this Agreement.
b. Performing any and all maintenance of the jointly used -
flying facilities, including but not limited to: . .
(1) Joint sealing, crack repair, surface repairs, airfield
markings and repair or replacement of damaged sections of airfield
pavement;
(2) Runway, taxiway, and approach lighting and_ the
regulators and controls therefor;
; oo: ARCHIVE


(3) Beacons, obstruction lights, wind indicators, and other
navigational aids; ~
(4) Grass cutting and grounds care, drainage, and dust and
erosion control of unpaved areas, adjacent to runways and taxiways;
, (5) Sweeping runways and taxiways;
(6) Controlling insects and pests;
(7) Removing snow, ice and other hazards from runways and
taxiways within a reasonable time after such runways and taxiways have
been so encumbered.
c. Furnishing utilities necessary to operate the jointly used -
flying facilities.
d. Removing disabled civil aircraft as expeditiously as
possible in order to minimize the time the jointly used flying facilities,
or any part thereof, would be closed.
e. Providing fire fighting and crash rescue services, subject
' to Paragraph 8 of this Agreement.
; . Soo ARCHIVE


4. GOVERNMENT RESPONSIBI LITIES. The Government will be
responsible only for the following: “ ;
a. Subject to terms and conditions of a separate agreement
providing on loan to the Authority for ‘its use in performing the services
. set forth in Paragraphs 3d, 3e and 8 ‘of this Agreement, fire fighting
‘ vehicles and equipment sufficient, in the Government's sole discretion, to
meet the Government's operational requirements. The Government will grant
the authorized personnel of the Authority such access to the Government's
exclusive use area as shall be reasonable and necessary to enable the
Authority to carry out its responsibilities under the provisions of
Paragraphs 3d, 3e and 8 of this Agreement. :

b. Removing snow and ice from all ramps, aprons, and taxiways

'

used exclusively by government aircraft.

. t
a Subject to the availability of federal appropriations
therefor, repairing damage to the jointly used flying facilities of the
Airport to the extent that such damage is caused solely by government
aircraft operations and is in excess of the fair wear and tear resulting

, from the military use contemplated under this ‘Agreement.
. | ARCHIVE


5. PAYMENTS.

. a. In consideration of and for the faithful performance of this .
Agreement, and subject to availability of Federal appropriations, the
Government shall pay to the Authority, or its designee, as its proportionate
share of the cost of operating and maintaining the jointly used flying
facilities, an amount each year of Twenty-six Thousand Six Hundred

' Ninety-two ($26,692.00) Dollars, payable in equal quarterly installments of
Six Thousand Six-Hundred Seventy Three ($6,673.00) Dollars each.

b. Payments for the periods set out in paragraph a above shall be
made upon submission of appropriate bills to the Government as designated in
paragraph c below; provided, however, that if during the term of this
Agreement, sufficient funds are not available through the annual
appropriations at the beginning of any fiscal year: to carry out the
provisions of this Agreement, the Government will so notify the Authority in
writing.

c. Bills for the payments provided hereunder shall be directed to:

118 TAW/DE TN ANG | ; ,
. P.O. Box 17267
Nashville, Tennessee 37217-0267
. ARCHIVE
- .


I

' ad. Either party may request renegotiation if either party, at
the request or with the formal concurrence of the other, as the case may
be, provides services not contemplated by this Agreement or reduces or .
ceases services it undertakes to provide under this Agreement.

6. AIRFIELD MANAGEMENT. The Authority agrees that maintenance
of the flying facilities of the Airport shall, at all times be in
accordance with Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA") standards for the

: f
operation of a commercial airport and operation of jet aircraft.
|

7. GOVERNMENT RESERVED RIGHTS. The Government reserves the
right, at its sole cost and expense, t6:

: &. Provide and maintain in the jointly used flying facilities
of the Airport airfield markings required solely for military aircraft
operations, which are not in conflict with FAA standards. :
b. Install, operate and maintain in the jointly used flying
facilities of the Airport any and all’ additional equipment, necessary for
the safe and efficient operation of military aircraft, including but not
limited to Arresting Systems and NAVAIDS.
. 8. FIRE PROTECTION AND 'H_RESCUE. :


a. The Authority shall be responsible for and provide crash/
fire/rescue services for both civil and government aircraft operations at
, the Airport and structural and grounds fire fighting for the entire .
airport inclusive of the government exclusive use area in accordance with
the Authority’s adopted emergency plan for the Airport, subject to
Paragraph 4a of the Agreement.
b. The Authority will immediately notify Tennessee Air National .
Guard Security when a military aircraft emergency is declared. The
Authority will provide adequate equipment in response to military
accidents. The Authority will furnish operators and dispatch. government
vehicles to military accidents off airport property in accordance with the
emergency plan. The Authority, however, will not dispatch its vehicles
off airport property in accordance with FAR Part 139 due to the necessity
of keeping the Airport open to commercial and general aviation activities. .
c. The Authority will make Building 4104 or other appropriate
facility available for use in housing fire fighting equipment and
personnel and provide all necessary maintenance, repairs, utilities and
janitorial services in connection therewith. ,
d. The Government will furnish, install and maintain such
communication equipment as shall be necessary to maintain communications
with the Airport Control Tower.
. . ARCHIVE


; e. The Authority will assign trained fire fighting personnel to
carry out fire fighting and crash . rescue services at the Airport
sufficient to maintain a minimum of six (6) such personnel on duty .
twenty-four (24) hours per day. .
'
£. The Authority will replace in kind any fire fighting agents
‘
furnished by the Government that are expended during fire suppression on
other than government equipment or facilities. The Government will make
available for use by the Authority such other fire fighting and crash
rescue supplies needed by the Authority to carry out its responsibilities
' under this Paragraph 8. The provision of such supplies by the Government
shall be limited to those available only through Government source or
required on an emergency basis as determined by the Government in its sole
discretion, ‘
. g. In carrying out its responsibilities under this Paragraph 8,
the Authority will comply with the " provisions of Air National Guard
Regulation (ANGR) 92-1 and applicable Air Force regulations and with
applicable State, County, and City laws, ordinances, rules and
regulations. In the event of conflict between requirements, the most
stringent requirement shall be met. Nothwithstanding the foregoing, it is
agreed that when responding to any military aircraft emergency with
Government~furnished equipment under this Paragraph 8, the Authority shall
: | Oo ARCHIVE


not be required to fully meet the manning requirements of ANGR 92-1 and
applicable Air Force regulations during the interval while enroute to the
emergency scene. However, at the emergency scene, the Authority will man
and operate all Government-furnished equipment in full compliance with the .
provisions of such regulations.

9. RECORDS AND_BOOKS OF ACcouNT. The Authority agrees to keep
records and books of account, showing ‘the actual cost to te of all items
of labor, materials, equipment, supplies, services, and other expenditures
made in fulfilling the obligations of ‘this Agreement, and the Comptroller
General of the United States or any of his/her duly authorized represent-
atives shall, until the expiration of three (3) years after final payment,
have access at all times to such records and books of account, or to any

directly pertinent books, documents, papers, and records of any of the

Authority's contractors or subcontractors engaged in the performance of .
and involving transactions related to this Agreement. The Authority
further agrees that representatives of! the Air Force Audit Agency or any
other designated representative of the Government shall have the same
right of access to such records, books of account, documents and papers as
is available to the Comptroller General.

10. ERM. This Agreement shall be effective for a term of five
(5) years beginning January 1, 1989, and ending December 31, 1993.

oe ARCHIVE


11. ZERMINATION.
a. This Agreement may be terminated by the Government at any ; .
time by giving at least thirty (30) days’ notice thereof in writing to the
Authority.
. b. (1) The Government by giving written notice to the
Authority may terminate the right of the Authority to proceed under this
Agreement if it is found, after notice and hearing by the Secretary of the
Air Force or his/her duly authorized representative, that gratuities in
the form of entertainment, gifts, or otherwise, were offered or given by
; the Authority, or any agent or representative of the Authority, to any
officer or employee of ‘the Government with a view toward securing this
Agreement or securing favorable treatment with respect to the awarding or
amending, or the making of any determinations with respect to the ;
performing of such agreement, provided ‘that the existence of the facts
upon which the Secretary of the Air Force or his/her duly authorized
representative makes such findings shall be an issue and may be reviewed
in any competent court. :
(2) In the event this Agreement is terminated as provided in
subparagraph (1) above, the Government shall be entitled to pursue the
same remedies against the Authority as it could pursue in the event of a
breach of the Agreement by the Authority, and in addition to any other
. . . ARCHIVE


damages to which it may be entitled by law, the Government shall be
entitled to exemplary damages in an amount (as determined by the Secretary
of the Air Force or his/her duly authorized representative) which shall be .
not less than three nor more than ten times the costs incurred by the
Authority in providing any such gratuities to any such officer or employee.
. (3) The rights and remedies of the Government provided in
this Paragraph 11.b. shall not be exclusive and are in addition to any
other rights and remedies provided by law or under this Agreement.
12. GENERAL PROVISIONS.

a. The Authority shall comply with all federal, state and local
laws, rules and regulations applicable to the activities conducted under
this Agreement.

b. The Authority shall neither transfer nor assign this
Agreement without the written consent of the Government, which shall not
be unreasonably withheld.

c. Neither party shall be liable for damages to property or
injuries to persons arising from acts of the other in the use of the
airport facilities or occurring as a consequence of the performance of
responsibilities under this Agreement.


d. Wo member or delegate to Congress shall be admitted to any
share or part of this Agreement or to any benefit that may arise
therefrom, but this provision shall not be construed to extend to this .
Agreement if made with a corporation for its general benefit.

e. It is expressly agreed that this written instrument embodies
the entire financial arrangement and agreement of the parties regarding
the use of the jointly used flying facilities of the Airport by the
Government, and there are no understandings or agreements, verbal or
otherwise, between the parties in regard thereto except as expressly set
forth herein. Specifically, no landing fees or other fees not provided in
this Agreement will be assessed by The Authority against the Government in
the use of the jointly used flying facilities of the Airport during the
term of this Agreement.

£. This Agreement may only be modified or amended by mutual
agreement of the parties in writing , and signed by each of the parties
hereto.

g. The failure of either party to insist, in any one or more
instances, upon the strict performance of any of the terms, conditions,
covenants, or provisions of this Agreement shall not be construed as a
waiver or relinquishment of the right to the future performance of any

; ARCHIVE


oa oO, , . i :
. . . .
:
such terms, conditions, covenants, or provisions. No provision of this
Agreement shall be deemed to have been.waived by either party unless such
waiver be in writing signed by such party. .
13. MAJOR REPAIRS AND NEW CONSERUCTION. Major repair projects
and/or new construction projects required for the jointly used flying
facilities of the Airport are not included under this Agreement, and any
Government contribution to such projects shall be the subject of separate
negotiations and written agreement _ between The Authority and the
Government at such time as the work is required. Any Government
participation in the costs of such repair and/or construction projects is
subject to the availability of federal ‘funds for such purpose at the time
the work is required. ’
14. NOTICES. No notice, order, direction, determination, .
requirement, consent or approval under this Agreement shall be of any
effect unless it is in writing and addressed as provided herein.
a. Written communications to the Authority shall be addressed
4
as follows: ; .
President "
Nashville International Airport Authority
One Terminal Drive, Suite 501
Nashville, Tennessee 37214-4110
‘
so oe ARCHIVE


db. Written communications to the Government shall be in
duplicate with copies to the United States of America and the State of
Tennessee addressed respectively as follows: .
(1) To the United States of America
National Guard Bureau
NGB/DE
Pentagon, Room 1C633
Washington, D.C. 20310-2500
(2) To the State of Tennessee
The Adjutant General
Headquarters, Tennessee Air National Guard
Houston Barracks, Post Office Box 41502
Nashville, Tennessee 37204-1501
15. PRIOR AGREEMENT SUPERSEDED. Upon execution of this Agreement
by all parties hereto, the Joint Fire Protection Agreement dated April 7,
1983, is hereby terminated and of no further force and effect.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the respective duly authorized representatives of
the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the date set forth
opposite their respective signatures.

DATED: Aaya (5, 1484 , METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE AIRPORT
AUTHORITY
a, CHIVE


¢ . , ;
AITEST: f
———— . .
= Zz “ By: Lets aed morn
Secretar Wifliam G. Moore, Jr.
: President
Approved as to Form and Legality ,
Hdd a Lf
28 SEP 1929
paTED: __* ) STATR/OR JrENNEBSEE
By
: The Adjutant GenePal
parep: 2-/ Ockha, FEI UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
: y \
; By: geetty + AY GON :
, i or the Ghiéf, Mational Guard Bureau
|
