AMENDMENT TO POWER CONTRACT 
BETWEEN 
NASHVILLE ELECTRIC SERVICE 
AND 
METRO NASHVILLE DISTRICT ENERGY SYSTEM 
 
Contract No. 20-34-038A 
 
 
THIS AMENDMENT (“Agreement”) is made and entered into by and between the 
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, ACTING 
BY AND THROUGH THE ELECTRIC POWER BOARD OF SAID GOVERNMENT and 
operating under the service name of NASHVILLE ELECTRIC SERVICE (“Distributor”) and 
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY for its 
District Energy System (“Customer”) (collectively, the “Parties”). 
W I T N E S S E T H: 
WHEREAS, Customer has been purchasing power from Distributor under Power Contract 
No. 18-34-325, dated September 1, 2018 (the “Power Contract”); and 
WHEREAS, Customer wishes to amend the Power Contract to increase the contract 
demand; 
NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows: 
1. 
Availability of Power.   Section 3 of the Power Contract is amended in the respects 
necessary to provide that, during the term of this Agreement: 
(a) 
Distributor will make available to Customer 17,800 kW of firm power 
during the hours designated as onpeak hours in the Rate Schedule (as 
defined in the Power Contract), which amount shall be the “onpeak contract 
demand”; and 
(b) 
Distributor will make available to Customer 17,800 kW of firm power 
during the hours designated as offpeak hours in the Rate Schedule, which 
amount shall be the “offpeak contract demand.” 
2. 
Effective Date.   This Agreement shall become effective on May 1, 2020, and shall 
continue in accordance with the current terms of the Power Contract. 
3. 
Ratification of Power Contract.   All other terms and conditions of the Power 
Contract, as amended by this Agreement, shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby 
ratified as the continuing obligations of the Parties. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: FEC8CD33-C4A9-47B8-A954-94EFEBF689E8
ARCHIVE


20-34-038A 
- 2 - 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be signed by their 
respective duly authorized representatives. 
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT 
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON 
COUNTY 
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF 
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY 
ACTING BY AND THROUGH THE 
ELECTRIC POWER BOARD OF SAID 
GOVERNMENT 
Approved as to Availability of Funds: 
 
 
 
By:  
 
                         Director of Finance 
 
Date: 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
Chair of the Board 
 
Date: 
 
 
 
 
By:  
 
             Metropolitan Purchasing Agent 
 
Date: 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
President & CEO 
 
Date: 
 
 
Approved as to Form and Legality: 
 
 
 
By:  
 
                     Metropolitan Attorney 
 
Date: 
 
 
Approved as to Form and Legality:: 
 
 
 
By: 
 
Vice President & General Counsel 
 
Date: 
 
 
Filed in the Office of the Metropolitan Clerk: 
 
 
 
By:  
 
 
Date:  
 
 
 
Attest: 
 
 
 
 
 
Secretary 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: FEC8CD33-C4A9-47B8-A954-94EFEBF689E8
1/30/2020
1/30/2020
1/30/2020
2/7/2020
2/7/2020
2/7/2020
2/7/2020
2/7/2020
ARCHIVE


/- -
POWER CONTRACT
BETWEEN
NASHVILLE ELECTRIC SERVICE
AND
METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE DISTRICT ENERGY SYSTEM
Contract No. 18-34-235
THIS CONTRACT is made and entered into by and between the METROPOLITAN
GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, ACTING BY AND
THROUGH THE ELECTRIC POWER BOARD OF SAID GOVERNMENT and operating under
the service name of Nashville Electric Service ("Distributor") and the METROPOLITAN
GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY for its District Energy System
("Customer").
WITNESSETH:
WnEREAS, Distributor and Customer (collectively, the "Parties") seek to enter into a
Power Contract (the "Contract"), under which firm electric power and energy will be madft
available by Distributor and purchased by Customer for the operation of Customer's facility
located at 90 Peabody Street, Nashville, Tennessee 37210; and
WHEREAS, Customer has been purchasing power from Distributor under Power Contract
No. 13-34-194, which will terminate as of the effective date of this Contract; and
WHEREAS, the Parties wish to agree upon the terms and conditions imder which firm
electric power and energy will continue to be made available by Distributor for the operation of
Customer's said facility;
NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants
hereinafter set forth, the Parties hereto covenant and agree as follows:
1. 
Term. This Contract term shall be a period of five (5) years beginning
September 1,2018, and ending August 31, 2023. The Contract may be terminated by either party
at any time upon at least ten (10) months' prior written notice. However, should Customer
participate in one of the commercial industrial rate product programs of the Tennessee Valley
Authority ("TV A"), then the Parties shall be subject to the terms of those programs and said terms
shall supersede the terms of this paragraph.
2. 
Facilities. Customer hereby grants to Distributor for its use without cost, such
rights in, on, over, and across Customer's property as may be necessary or desirable in connection
with the installation, maintenance, operation, repair, replacement, and removal of any electrical
facilities or other equipment required to supply Customer with power and energy hereunder.
If at any time during the term of this Contract, or of any renewal or extension thereof.
Customer requests Distributor to adjust or relocate any of Distributor's facilities located on
Customer's property. Distributor shall arrange to perform such adjustment or relocation of work,
and Customer shall reimburse Distributor for the actual costs, including applicable overheads'
ARCHIVE


18-34-235
incurred by Distributor in performing such work, which costs shall also include, without limitation,
costs of obtaining any new easements and rights of way, over, and across property other than
Customer's property for any such relocated facilities.
Notwithstanding anything herein which might be construed to the contrary. Distributor's
distribution lines used in supplying power to Customer hereunder may be used in serving loads
other than Customer's loads in any manner which Distributor deems necessary or desirable.
3. 
Availabilitv of Power. Subject to the other provisions of this Contract and to the
completion of the facilities necessary to supply power and energy to Customer herevmder.
Distributor shall make available to Customer, and Customer shall take and buy from Distributor,
Customer's requirements for firm power and energy for operation of Customer's said facilities.
The contract demand under this Contract shall be as follows:
a. Distributor will make available to Customer 16,400 kW of firm power during
the hours designated as onpeak hours in the Rate Schedule (as defmed in section
5 below), which amount shall be the "onpeak contract demand"; and
b. Distributor will make available to Customer 16,400 kW of firm power during
the hours designated as of^eak hours in the Rate Schedule, which amount shall
be the "of^eak contract demaned."
The power and energy made available to Customer hereunder shall be delivered, taken, and
paid for in accordance with the terms hereof and with the Schedule of Rules and Regulations of
Distributor (the "Schedule"), a copy of which is attached hereto and made a part hereof. In the
event of any conflict between the provisions of said Schedule and the provisions of this Contract,
the Schedule shall control.
4. 
Conditions of Deliverv. The point of delivery for power and energy madp!
available to Customer hereunder shall be at the NES side of Customer-owned substation circuit
breakers (AlB and A2B). The power made available hereunder shall be in the form of 3-phase
alternating current at a frequency of approximately 60-hertz and at a nominal voltage of 69,000
volts (except for temporary periods of abnormal voltage to be determined from operating
experience). Maintenance by Distributor at said point of delivery of the above-stated frequency
and voltage within the above-stated limits shall constitute availability of power for purposes of
this Contract. The amounts of power and energy delivered to the Customer hereunder shall be
measured by metering equipment installed at the 69,000-volt terminals of the Customer-owned
substation transformers.
Distributor shall not be obligated to provide protective equipment for Customer's lines,
facilities, or equipment, but Distributor may provide such protective equipment as it deems
necessary for the protection of its own property and operations. The electrical equipment installed
by the Customer shall, in Distributor's judgment, be capable of satisfactory coordination with any
protective equipment installed by the Distributor. Customer shall exercise all reasonable
precautions and install all equipment necessary to limit its total demand, as determined in
accordance with the rate schedule hereinafter specified, to the amount to which it is entitled
hereimder.
-1-
ARCHIVE


18-34-235
5. 
Rates and Charges. Customer shall pay Distributor monthly for the power and
energy made available under the Contract in accordance with the rates, charges, and provisions of
Distributor's effective standard rate schedule. The General Power Rate-Schedule GSC (the "Rate
Schedule") is attached hereto and hereby made a part hereof. In the event of any conflict between
the provisions of said Rate Schedule, as so modified, changed, replaced, or adjusted, and other
provisions of this Contract, the Rate Schedule shall control.
6. 
Phase Balancing. Customer shall endeavor to take and use power and energy in
such manner that the current will be reasonably balanced on the three phases. In the event that any
check indicates that the current on the most heavily-loaded phase exceeds the current on either of
the other phases by more than twenty (20%) percent, Customer, upon request, shall make at its
expense the changes necessary to correct the unbalanced condition. If said unbalanced condition
is not corrected within sixty (60) days, or such other period as may be agreed upon, Distributor
may thereafter elect to meter the load on individual phases and compute the billing demand as
being equal to three times the maximum kilowatt load on any phase. For all purposes hereunder,
the load on any phase shall be the load measured by a wattmeter connected with its current coil in
that phase wire and the potential coil connected between that phase wire and the neutral voltage
point.
7. 
Interference with Availabilitv of Power. The term "force majeure" shall be
deemed to be a cause reasonably beyond the control of Distributor, such as, but without limitation
to, injunction, strike of employees, war, invasion, fire, accident, floods, backwater caused by
floods, acts of God, or inability to obtain or ship essential services, materials or equipment because
of the effect of similar causes on suppliers or carriers. Acts of God shall include without limitation
the effects of drought if the drought is of such severity as to have a probability of occurrence not
more often than an average of once in forty (40) years.
It is recognized by the Parties that the availability of power to Customer may be interrupted
or curtailed fi:om time to time during the term of this Contract because offeree majeure. Customer
shall be solely responsible for providing and maintaining such equipment in its facility and such
emergency operating procedures as may be required to safeguard persons on its property, and its
operations from the effects of such interruptions or curtailments. Customer assumes all risk of
loss, injury, or damage to Customer resulting from such interruptions or curtailments.
8. 
Easements. Customer, or its agents, will provide all property easements that are
required to construct the Distributor's line and substation facilities in order to serve the electrical
load at the Customer's facility. This will include the property for the substation construction, the
69 kV underground line construction, the structure for tapping the Distributor's existing Central-
South 69 kV line, and transition to underground.
9. 
Notices. Any notice or demand required by this Contract shall be deemed properly
given if mailed, postage prepaid, to the Vice President of Operations/Engineering, Nashville
Electric Service, 1214 Church Street Nashville, Tennessee 37246, on behalf of Distributor; or to
the Director of Finance, Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson Coimty, 106
Mefropolitan Courthouse, Nashville, Tennessee 37201 on behalf of Customer, except that oral
notices between the operating representatives of the Parties (other than notice of terminations
pursuant to Section I hereof, which must be in writing) will be sufficient if confirmed in writing.
-3 -
ARCHIVE


18-34-235
1
The designation of the person to be so notified or the address of such person may be changed at
any time from time to time by either party's similar notice.
10. 
Waivers. A waiver of one or more defaults shall not be considered a waiver of any
other or subsequent default.
11 • 
Successors and Assigns. This Contract may be assigned by Distributor, but shall
not be assignable by Customer without written consent of Distributor except to a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Customer or to Customer's successor by any bona fide merger, reorganization, or
consolidation. The Distributor shall not unreasonably withhold his consent.
In the event of any such assignment, the Parties hereto shall remain liable for the faithful
performance of this Contract in all respects by their respective assigns, and such assigns by
acceptance of such transfer or assignment shall likewise become bound for the full performance
of this Contract until the expiration thereof.
12. 
Counterparts. This Contract may be executed in any number of counterparts, and
all such counterparts, each executed and delivered as an original, shall constitute but one and the
same instrument.
13. 
Entire Agreement. This Contract and the aforementioned attached documents
constitute the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between the Parties with respect
to the subject matter of this Contract, and this Contract supersedes any and all prior oral or written
communications, proposals, representations. This Contract may be amended only by mutual
agreement expressed in writing and signed by both Parties.
14. 
Jurisdiction. Any and all disputes arising out of this Contract shall be
governed, construed and enforced according to the laws of the State of Tennessee. All actions
relating to the validity, construction, interpretation and enforcement of this Contract shall be
instituted and litigated in the courts of Tennessee; in accordance herewith, the Parties to this
Contract submit to the jurisdiction of the circuit courts of Tennessee, located in Davidson County,
Tennessee.
15- 
Authorizations. Customer represents that it has the necessary corporate and/or
legal authority and has obtained any and all regulatory approvals to enter into and perform this
Contract, and that this Contract, when executed by Customer, represents a valid, binding and
enforceable legal obligation. The Customer's representative signing this Contract represents
and warrants that he or she is duly authorized to execute this Contract and that such execution
creates a valid, binding and enforceable legal obligation of the Customer.
16. 
Severabilitv. Should any term or provision of this Contract be held to any extent
unenforceable, invalid, or prohibited under law, then such provision shall be deemed restated to
reflect the original intention of the Parties as nearly as possible in accordance with applicable law
and the remainder of this Contract. The application of such term or provision to persons, property,
or circumstances other than those as to which it is invalid, unenforceable, or prohibited, shall not
be affected thereby, and each term and provision of this Contract shall be valid and enforceable to
the fullest extent permitted by law.
-4-
ARCHIVE


18-34-235
17. 
Headings. Section headings are for reference only and shall not affect the
interpretation of this Contract.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Contract to be executed by
their duly authorized officers.
DISTRIBUTOR:
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
ATTEST: 
ACTING BY AND THROUGH THE ELECTRIC
POWER BOARD OF SAID GOVERNMENT
Secret;
By:
Date:
rman of the Board
By:
Date:
resident & 
CEO
Approved as to Form and Legality:
By:
Date:
Vice President & 
General Counsel
7 
<3/ - /r
5-
ARCHIVE


CUSTOMER:
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
Approved as to Availability of Funds:
By:
Director of Finance
Metropolitan
g Agent
Approved as to Form and Legality
By:
Metropolitan Attorney
Approved by the Mayor: a
Metropolitan Mayor
Filed in the Office of the Metropolitan Clerk:
By:
Date:
AUG 2 9 2018
6-
ARCHIVE


METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE - 
PROCUREMENT
SOLE SOURCE JUSTIFICATION FORM
Send an email to PRG&nashviUe.aov and attach completed sole source form and supporting documentation.
Proposed supplier MUST be Registered In iProcurement
Date: 8/20/2018 Requesting Department/Agency/Commission: MetroFlnance: Metro Nashville District Energy System
Requesting Official: Taiia Lomax O'dneai. Directo of Finance/Bob Lackey 
Telephone #: 615 862-6105 
This is
for a multi-year contract.
Product/Service Description: Utilities
Total Purchase (Enter the value for the entire contract life) Price: $
BU Number: 
Fund #: 
Object Account:
Any Other Accounting Info:
Proposed Supplier: NES
Supplier Address: Supplier address
Supplier Telephone#: Supplier phone #
Proposed Supplier Contact:
City: 
ST:
Supplier Email: Supplier Email
Zip:
Metro Code: 4.12.060 Sole Source Procurement.
A contract may be awarded for a supply, service or construction item without competition when, under regulations
promulgated by the standards board, the purchasing agent determines in writing that there is only one source for the
required supply, service or construction item. The standards board may, by regulation, establish specific categories of
supplies, services, or construction items as sole source items. (Ord. 92-210 § 1 (3-205), 1992)
R4.12.060.02 Conditions for Use of Sole Source Procurement.
Public Utiiitv Services
If Other, Explain Request: Not required if "Other" was not selected above.
Requesting Department Director's Signature of Approval:
Date:
To be completed by the Procurement Division
□ Vetting & Research Needed; Date Requested by Purchasing Agent
oie Source is Approved for
□ Sole;Source is Denied/fiee dete^in^o^Xommary
PURCfiASiNG AGE
i reason)
ARCHIVE
