Page 1 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
Document # 
License Date 
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF 
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE 
ACTING BY AND THROUGH THE AUTHORITY DELEGATED TO 
THE FAIRGROUNDS 
BY THE METROPOLITAN BOARD OF FAIR COMMISSIONS 
 THE FAIRGROUNDS LICENSE AGREEMENT 
building(s) as is, with its present lighting, and if available, toilet facilities, water, heat, and office space 
for only the purpose of 
ABC Pumpkin Carving Event 10/16/2020
1.
Definitions.
a.
“Concessionaire” means D&D Events, the contracted concessionaire/caterer of The
Fairgrounds. 
b.
“Licensor” means the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County acting
by and through the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners.
c.
“Licensee” or “Promoter” means the entity or person(s) who possesses the rights covered
herein as granted by the Licensor.
d.
“Executive Director” or “Director” means the Executive Director of The Fairgrounds. The
Executive Director shall have full responsibility for the operation of The Fairgrounds and
shall act for and on behalf of Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County
and the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners in the management of The
Fairgrounds.
By and Between the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners (“Licensor”) and Associated Builders & Contracters 
(“Licensee”) to Wit: The Licensor agrees to furnish the Licensee the use of the following premises: 
Shed 1
DocuSign Envelope ID: 105D8F23-491C-4849-AFA8-354F5D560A6E
A Matter #:A-42134
ARCHIVE


Page 2 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
e.
“The Fairgrounds” or “Premises” describes the 117 acre property, bordered  by Nolensville
Pike, Craighead Street, and Bransford Avenue and Wedgewood Avenue owned by the
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and managed by the Metropolitan
Board of Fair Commissioners. The term “The Fairgrounds” may also be used in reference to
“the Licensor” as identified in section 1. a.
f.
“Fairgrounds Office” or “Fairgrounds Staff” means the Executive Director, Secretary, or
Fairgrounds employee charged with organizing the event on behalf of the Executive Director.
2.
Term.
a.
This license agreement becomes effective upon execution by all parties for use of the
and ending 10/16/2020_ 
. 
. 
and Time  12 PM 
and Time 10 PM 
and Time TBD
b.
Move-In Date:10/15/2020
c.
Move-Out Date:10/16/2020
d.
Event start date:10/16/2020__
e. Event end date:10/16/2020____ and Time TBD
f. The dates and times set forth above shall control in the event of any conflict with any other
move-in and move-out provisions set forth in this Agreement.
3.
Rent and Rates.
a.
Rent: 
The Licensee agrees to pay the Licensor the sum of
equipment and misc. rentals for the use of the premises.
$ 500.00
plus taxes, 
b.
General Deposits: One-Half (½) of the total amount due is required as a non-refundable
deposit upon signing this license agreement, and both the agreement & deposit must be
tendered within 10 business days after the License Date. A bank cashier’s check for the
remaining balance is due before Move-In.
c.
Clean Up- Fee Deposits. There is a refundable $1000.00 clean-up fee and damage deposit for
all events held in The Fairgrounds Speedway and Grandstands, Fair Park and Brown’s Creek
Lot. There is a refundable $500.00 clean-up and damage deposit per building rented. After
inspection, if no clean-up is required and there are no damages to the premises, the deposit
referenced in this subsection shall be returned.
d.
Move-In and Move-Out: The Licensor will allow the Licensee a ½ day Move-In (hereinafter
“Move-In day”) beginning at noon on the day before the first day of the term of this License as
listed in Section 2.a. and 2.b. of this agreement. It is understood by the Licensee that no other 
use of the premises other than set-up will be permitted on Move-In days. The Licensee agrees
to pay to the Licensor “additional rent” equal to ½ day rental (hereinafter “Additional
Rent”) if the Licensee moves in before noon on move in day, or if the Licensee sells,
trades, opens to the public, displays, or swaps on Move-In day. Additional rent is also due
for each ½ day that the Licensee occupies the premises over and above the Move-In day, the
term of this License, or each ½ day the Licensee occupies the premises beyond midnight the last
day of the term of this License. (See Section 12 on Vacation and Surrender of Premises). All
rents shall be in the form of a bank cashier’s check.
4.
Building Layout. The Licensee must submit a complete building diagram set up to The Fairgrounds
Office Staff at least 10 business days prior to the event in order to receive Metro Fire Marshal
approval. Failure to comply with this requirement may result in closure of the show or delayed opening
premises beginning 10/15/2020
DocuSign Envelope ID: 105D8F23-491C-4849-AFA8-354F5D560A6E
ARCHIVE


Page 3 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
of the event. The Licensee will assume full responsibility for obtaining Metro Fire Marshal approval on 
diagrams not received in Fairgrounds office 10 business days prior to the event. A penalty will be 
assessed of $50 per day until the approved diagram is received. * There shall be NO ELECTRICAL 
CORDS on the ground where the public walks per Metro Codes Dept. 
5.
Inspection of Facilities. The Fairgrounds will perform a building and grounds walk-through
inspection with the Licensee to review the condition of the facilities, prior to turning the facilities
over for the Licensee’s event. Any pre-existing damage shall be noted and signed by both the
Licensee and the Licensor. If appropriate, photographs may also be taken. A post event walk- 
through shall also be conducted by The Fairgrounds. The licensee is free to participate in said walk-
through.
6.
Protection of The Fairgrounds’ Property. The licensee agrees to return to its former condition
that part of the premises used by the Licensee and to remove all equipment such as floors, booths,
platforms, and wiring erected by the Licensee. The Licensee further agrees to pay the cost of any
and all installations made, and is accountable for all tables, chairs, and miscellaneous items rented.
7.
Financial Responsibility for total Repair and Clean-up Costs.
a.
Licensee shall be financially responsible for all clean-up and/or damages to The
Fairgrounds and damage to or loss of any of the property or equipment of The Fairgrounds
that exceed the deposit amount(s) referenced in subsection (3)(c); and/or injury to any
person resulting from the activities or use of The Fairgrounds by the Licensee or
Licensee’s representatives, employees, agents, vendors, contractors, members, suppliers
and attendees.
b.
The Licensee shall be financially responsible for the costs of repairing any damage done to
fairgrounds buildings, roads, grass lots, fencing or other property caused by Licensee or
their representatives, employees, agents, vendors, contractors, members, suppliers and
attendees.
c.
The usage of tape or adhesives results in chipped and damaged paint on the premises and,
therefore, neither tape nor similar adhesive shall be placed on walls or doors. Costs to
repair tape and adhesive damage to walls and doors will be charged to the Licensee. Use of
confetti is prohibited.
d.
If there is damage to turf due to, but not limited to, the movement of large equipment,
garbage dumpsters, stages, crowds, or other vehicles and equipment, site restoration must
include, but is not limited to, leveling, aerification, overseeeding, and fertilization.
Restoration plan must be approved by The Fairgrounds prior to beginning any work.
e.
The Fairgrounds will not accept the assignment of insurance benefits for such repairs. In
the event of damage, the Licensee shall be given photographs of the damaged property and
a bill for the cost of the repairs. Licensee will then have 14 business days from the date that
the repair charges are presented to the Licensee to render their payment in full to the
Licensee. If legal action is required to collect the repair costs from the Licensee, the
Licensee shall also pay for such resulting legal fees and court costs.
f.
The provisions of this Section 7 and Section 33 herein below shall not apply to the
contributory extent of the negligence or wrongful acts of Licensor or its agents, employees
or representatives.
DocuSign Envelope ID: 105D8F23-491C-4849-AFA8-354F5D560A6E
ARCHIVE


Page 4 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
8.
Insurance.
a.
The licensee agrees to furnish broad form comprehensive general liability insurance in
the amount of $1,000,000.00 and property damage coverage in the amount of
$25,000.00.
b.
Automobile liability is required in the amount of 1,000,000 (if the contractor will be
making deliveries on site or loading/unloading on site).
c.
Licensee shall maintain workers’ compensation insurance with statutory limits required
by the State of Tennessee or other applicable laws and Employer’s Liability Insurance
with limits of no less than 100,000 dollars, as required by the laws of Tennessee (not
required for companies with fewer than 5 employees).
d.
The policy is to be written so as to name as “additional insured” and protect
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, the Board of Fair
Commissioners, it officers, agents, servants, employees, and the Executive Director from
loss or liability and is to be delivered to the office of the Executive Director prior to taking
possession of the premises by the Licensee.
e.
Further, the Licensee shall indemnify, exonerate, insure, and hold harmless the Licensor
from any and all claims for damages, losses, or injuries, resulting from, arising out of, or in
any way connected with, directly or indirectly, the use of the premises, whether said
claims be made by employees, agents, or servants of the parties hereto or by third parties,
except such damages, losses or injuries, as may result solely from negligence by the
Licensor. Licensee further agrees to defend Licensor in any legal proceedings or to pay
Licensor its reasonable attorney fees for defending itself against any such claim.
f.
The policy shall begin coverage at Move-In time and be carried through Move-Out
time.
Security. The Licensee agrees to furnish a Security Plan to The Fairgrounds at least 30 days prior 
to the event and include sufficient security officers and/or police officers to maintain law and order. 
Certain events may be required to have a minimum number of Metro Police Officers to be paid for 
by the Licensee for traffic control. 
9.
Vacation of Premises and Surrender.
a.
All events held outside the buildings on Monday-Thursday & Sunday nights must end no
later than 10 p.m. All events held outside on Friday & Saturday nights must end no later
than 11 p.m. All events held inside the buildings must end no later than 11:00 p.m. CST.
Licensee will be charged a penalty not less than 25% of the rental cost per additional hour
fee/per building or facility if the event end times are not adhered to or the facilities are not
vacated of all persons by the time specified in section 2.
b.
If Licensee fails to surrender the premises to The Fairgrounds at the expiration of the term
for use stated herein, then The Fairgrounds may remove from the premises all effects
remaining therein and store the same wherever it sees fit at Licensee’s cost, expense, and
risk. The Fairgrounds shall not be liable to Licensee for removing and storing such effects.
For such additional periods as any effects of Licensee remain at The Fairgrounds, Licensee
shall pay The Fairgrounds double the rate for the space. In addition, Licensee shall be
liable to The Fairgrounds for any claim or damages suffered by The Fairgrounds resulting
from Licensee’s failure to surrender the premises to The Fairgrounds in as good condition
as Licensee received the same.
10. Cancellation. No event cancellations will be accepted by The Fairgrounds except as provided in
Sections 12 and 45 of this license. Licensee shall be responsible for 100% of the rent on all
DocuSign Envelope ID: 105D8F23-491C-4849-AFA8-354F5D560A6E
ARCHIVE


Page 5 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
licensed premises regardless of actual use or occupancy. This license shall not be signed for a term 
in excess of one year from the contract date. 
11. Termination. Should Licensee fail to fulfill in a timely and proper manner its obligations under
this license or if it should violate any terms of this license, the Licensor shall have the right to
immediately terminate the license. Such termination shall not relieve  Licensee  of any liability to
the Licensor for damages sustained by virtue of any breach by Licensee. Should funding for this
contract be discontinued, the Licensor shall have the right to terminate this license immediately
upon written notice to Licensee. The Licensor may terminate this license at any time upon thirty
(30) days written notice to Licensee.
12. Default by Licensee. Licensee shall be in default of this agreement: 1) if it fails to pay any amounts
due under this License, 2) if it breaches any provision of this License or of any rules and regulations
promulgated by The Fairgrounds, 3) if it violates any applicable federal, state, or local laws during
its use of the premises, or 4) if it should dissolve or cease doing business, become insolvent or
bankrupt. Upon default by Licensee, The Fairgrounds may in its sole discretion:
a.
Terminate the contract immediately, and declare the entire License fee for the balance of
the term due and payable.
b.
Reenter and relet the property or any part thereof, or operate the same, for the balance of
the Term, receive rents there from and apply them first to expenses of making necessary
repairs to the premises, attorney’s fees, and all other reasonable expenses of Fairgrounds in
reentering the premises and reletting the premises, and second, to the payment of the
license fee hereunder.
c.
Terminate this license by giving Licensee written notice of termination, which shall not
excuse breaches of this License, having already occurred. Upon termination, the relation
of the parties shall be the same as if the term had fully expired and the said Fairgrounds
may reenter the premises and remove all persons there from and resort to any legal
proceedings to obtain possession and Licensee shall, notwithstanding such reentry, pay the
full amount of said rental as herein agreed to be paid together with any other costs,
expenses, or damages incurred by The Fairgrounds as result of breach of this Agreement.
d.
Pursue any other remedies available to the Licensor either at law or equity. Licensor shall
be under no obligation to relet the Premises.
13. Default by The Fairgrounds. The Fairgrounds shall be in default of this License if it fails to
provide the Premises at the time required by this License. In the event of default by The
Fairgrounds the liability of The Fairgrounds shall be limited to the return to the Licensee of the
unearned rent paid to The Fairgrounds under this License.
14. Maintenance of Records. Licensee shall maintain documentation for all charges against the
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County. The books, records, and documents
of Licensee, insofar as they relate to work performed or money received under the license
agreement, shall be maintained for a period of three (3) full years from the date of final payment
and will be subject to audit, at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by the Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County or its duly appointed representatives. The records
shall be maintained in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
15. Modification of Contract. This contract may be modified only by written amendment executed
by all parties and their signatories hereto.
16. Partnership/Joint Venture. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to create a
partnership or joint venture between the parties or to create the relationship of principal and agent
DocuSign Envelope ID: 105D8F23-491C-4849-AFA8-354F5D560A6E
ARCHIVE


Page 6 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
between or among any of the parties. None of the parties hereto shall hold itself out in a manner 
contrary to the terms of this paragraph. No party shall become liable for any representation, act or 
omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph. 
17. Like Shows. Significantly Similar Shows: It is the desire of The Fairgrounds to have a
complimentary mix of entertainment events for the mutual benefit of the public and the promoters.
Events that are of a significantly similar nature may affect attendance  and/or  appeal  to  the
public. Therefore, The Fairgrounds reserves the right to require a reasonable period of time
between scheduling events that are significantly similar in nature.
18. Concessions. The Fairgrounds reserves for itself, its agents, contractors, or concessionaires the
sole right to the following sales and services: sales and serving of all food, beverages (alcoholic
& non-alcoholic). Sales and serving of all food and beverages (alcoholic and non-alcoholic) must
utilize the, Concessionaire as contracted by the Metropolitan Government. The Fairgrounds will
initiate and facilitate contact between the Licensee and Concessionaire for event planning
purposes. If the Concessionaire is unable or unwilling to provide service based on reasonable
request as determined by The Fairgrounds, an alternative vendor, properly licensed by the TABC
and/or permitted Metro Beer Permit Board may be engaged upon written authorization by The
Fairgrounds to the Licensee.
a.
Licensee
will 
need 
Beer/Alcoholic 
Beverages served 
at 
the 
event: Yes
No 
b.
By entering into this License Agreement, Licensee hereby represents and warrants that it
will neither furnish beer/alcoholic beverages to the public, guests, and/or invitees nor
allow such to be brought onto the property except as provided in Section18. a. above.
c.
NO BOOTHS or EXHIBITS are allowed to be within 10 ft. of any the concession
stand.
19. Utilities. The Fairgrounds will provide (if available inside buildings) customary lighting, heating,
air conditioning, and water at no additional cost to the Licensee. There shall be a charge for using
electric wall outlets for use inside buildings. Authorized use of outdoor utilities shall be priced in
advanced and noted in an addendum to this agreement.
20. Portable Restrooms. The Licensee is responsible for providing sufficient portable restrooms and
hand washing stations or sanitizing stations to accommodate the size of the event. One portable
restroom for every 100 people is required for all special events that do not provide beverages and
one portable restroom for every 50 people is required for special events providing beverages.
Handwashing or sanitizing stations are required for every 150 people. Portable restrooms must be
provided by event organizer if estimated attendance exceeds the capacity of available restroom
facilities within the footprint of the event.
21. Parking Fees. The Fairgrounds reserves the right to charge a parking fee for all events held at The
Fairgrounds.. 
22. Licenses and Taxes. Licensee shall obtain at its own expense all licenses and permits required by
law, and Licensee shall pay all taxes, fees, and charges required by any governmental authority in
connection with its use of the premises.
23. Lien. The Licensee hereby grants to The Fairgrounds a first lien on all property of the Licensee,
whether from ticket sales or any other source, to secure the payment of rent, taxes, charges or
damages herein covenanted to be paid by the Licensee, for the purpose of securing the performance
of any and all covenants, conditions, or obligations arising under this License. In the event of
X
DocuSign Envelope ID: 105D8F23-491C-4849-AFA8-354F5D560A6E
ARCHIVE


Page 7 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
default The Fairgrounds may take possession of any and all of said property including box office 
receipts and hold the same until such default has been remedied, and if not remedied or satisfied 
within ten (10) days of such default The Fairgrounds may advertise said property or properties for 
sale and upon such sale apply the proceeds to the satisfaction of any amounts due The Fairgrounds 
and shall pay to the Licensee any sums remaining. This remedy is not exclusive, and The 
Fairgrounds may at its discretion pursue any appropriate remedy to recover all or any deficits 
remaining on the above mentioned rents, charges, and other sums. 
24. Control. The Fairgrounds reserves the right throughout the Term to control the operation and
management of the premises. The Fairgrounds Executive Director and staff have the right to enter
the premises at any time for any purpose, including removal of any person who, in the sole
judgment, of the Executive Director or designated assistants, is disrupting or obstructing the proper
operation and management of the premises.
25. Use of Premises. The Executive Director and staff may use any part of the premises during Move-
In, during Move-Out, and at any time Licensee is not actively using the particular part of the
premises, so long as the Executive Director’s use does not interfere with the Licensee’s use.
26. Hazardous Property. Licensee shall not bring upon the premises any exhibit, equipment or
vehicles which, in the sole reasonable judgment of the Executive Director, would be or might be
dangerous to persons or property or otherwise incompatible with the structure, systems, and
furnishings of the premises.
27. Copyrights, Royalties, and Trademarks. Licensee warrants that no music, literary or artistic
work or other property protected by copyrighted will be performed, reproduced or used, nor will
the name of any entity protected by trademark be reproduced or used during Licensee’s use of the
premises unless Licensee has obtained written permission from the trademark or copyright holder.
Licensee covenants to comply strictly with all laws respecting copyright, royalties, and trademarks
and warrants that it will not infringe any related statutory, common law, or the right of any person
during its use of the premises. Licensee will indemnify and hold The Fairgrounds and its officers,
agents, and employees harmless from all claims, losses and damages (including court costs and
attorney fees) with respect to such copyright, royalty, or trademark rights.
28. Abandoned Property. Any property remaining on the premises or any property stored by The
Fairgrounds, which has not been claimed by Licensee within ten (10) days after the expiration of
the term, shall be deemed abandoned by Licensee. At the The Fairgrounds’ option, The
Fairgrounds may: 1) take possession of it and treat it as its own property and utilize it, or destroy it
or otherwise dispose of it, or 2) store it at the Licensee’s sole cost, expense, and risk. The Licensee
hereby waives any right to claim the value thereof or damages therefore. The Licensee shall be
liable to The Fairgrounds for: 1) the cost incurred by The Fairgrounds in disposing of or destroying
the abandoned property and, 2) the cost of storing it if The Fairgrounds elects to store it for the
Licensee.
29. Waiver. No waiver by either party of any default shall operate as a waiver of any other default, or
the same default on a future occasion. No delay or omission by either party in exercising any right
or remedy shall operate as a waiver thereof, and no single or partial exercise of a right or remedy
shall prelude any other further exercise thereof, or the exercise of any other right or remedy.
DocuSign Envelope ID: 105D8F23-491C-4849-AFA8-354F5D560A6E
ARCHIVE


Page 8 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
30. Licensee’s Assumption of Responsibility. Licensee expressly assumes full responsibility for all
persons connected with Licensee’s use of the premises, including all its employees, agents,
members, invitees, and licensees.
31. Indemnification and Hold Harmless. The Licensee agrees to indemnify, exonerate, insure,
defend, and save harmless the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners and any employee,
agent, or servant of The Fairgrounds or the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson
County of losses, or injuries, resulting from, growing out of, or in any way connected with, directly,
or indirectly, the use of the premises, whether said claims arise out of, including, without
limitations, the acts and/or omissions of its employees, agents, independent contractors, or third
parties. To the extent of the proceeds received by the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners
and the Metropolitan Government under any insurance furnished for the benefit of the Metropolitan
Board of Fair Commissioners by Licensee, the obligation to indemnify and save harmless the
Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners and the Metropolitan Government against the subject
matter of said insurance shall be deemed to be satisfied pro tan to. This Section 33 is subject to
Section 7(e) herein above.
32. Release of Liability. The parties agree that the individual members of the Metropolitan Board of
Fair Commissioners and any employee, agent, or servant of The Fairgrounds or Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County assume no personal responsibility for the making
of this License. The parties further release all individual members of the Metropolitan Board of
Fair Commissioners, and any employee, agent, or servant of The Fairgrounds or Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County, from any personal liability growing out of or
concerning the making of this License.
33. Time of Essence. Time is of the essence of this License. If the deposit and signed license
agreement is not received within 10 business days of the contract date, Licensor reserves the
right to cancel the event and terminate this license and/or license the building(s) for use by another
party.
34. Contingent Fees. Licensee agrees that Licensee has not been retained or retained any persons to
solicit or secure a Metro contract upon an agreement or understanding for a contingent commission,
percentage, or brokerage fee, except for retention of bona fide employees or bona fide established
commercial selling agencies for the purpose of securing business. Breach of the provisions of this
paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of the ethical standards which may
result in civil or criminal sanctions and/or debarment or suspension from being a licensee under
Metro contracts.
35. Employment. Licensee affirms that it does not subscribe to any personnel policy that permits or
allows for the promotion, demotion, dismissal, or laying off of any individual due to race, creed,
color, national origin, age, sex, or handicapping condition. No person shall be excluded from
participation in, be denied benefits of, be discriminated against in the admission or access to, or be
discriminated against in treatment or employment in the Metropolitan Government  of Nashville
and Davidson County’s contracted programs or activities, on the grounds of handicap and/or
disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other classification protected by
federal or Tennessee State Constitutional or statutory law; nor shall they be excluded from
participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination in the
performance of contracts with the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County or
in the employment practices of Metro’s Licensees. Accordingly, all Licensees entering into
agreements with Licensor shall, upon request, be required to show proof of such nondiscrimination
DocuSign Envelope ID: 105D8F23-491C-4849-AFA8-354F5D560A6E
ARCHIVE


Page 9 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
and to post in conspicuous places that are available to all employees and applicants, notices of 
nondiscrimination. 
36. Ethical Standards. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or agree to
give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to solicit,
demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a gratuity or an offer of employment in
connection with any decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation, preparation of any part of a
program requirement or a purchase request, influencing the content of any specification or
procurement standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any other advisory capacity
in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or controversy or other
particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or subcontract or to any
solicitation or proposal therefore. Breach of the provisions of this paragraph is, in addition to a
breach of this contract, a breach of ethical standards which may result in civil or criminal sanction
and/or debarment or suspension from being a contractor under the Metropolitan Government of
Nashville and Davidson County contracts.
37. Assignment. Consent Required. The provision of this License shall inure to the benefit of and be
binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto.  Neither this license nor any
of the rights and obligations of the Licensee hereunder shall be assigned or transferred in whole or in part
to any person, firm, or corporation without the prior written consent of the Licensor, which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld. Any such assignment or transfer shall not relieve licensee from
obligations hereunder. Any approved assignee shall assume each and every obligation of Licensee
hereunder, and Licensor may contract with or accept monies from any such assignees without waiving
any of its rights hereunder.
38. Compliance with Laws. Licensee agrees that every person connected with Licensee’s occupancy
and use of premises covered by this license agreement shall abide by, conform to, and comply with
all laws of the United States and the State of Tennessee, and all of the ordinances of the
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, together with the rules, regulations,
and policies of Licensor for the government and management of said premises. Licensee agrees to
follow all resolutions and policies of the Board of Fair Commissioners in place at the time of
the event. Licensee will not do, or suffer to be done, anything on said premises during the term of
this License Agreement in violation of any such laws, ordinances, rules, or regulations, and if the
attention of the Licensor is called to such violation on the part of the Licensee or any person
employed or admitted to the premises by said Licensee, said Licensee will immediately
desist from and correct such violation.
39. Iran Divestment Act. In accordance with the Iran Divestment Act, Tennessee Code Annotated
§12-12-101 et seq., Licensee certifies that to the best of its knowledge and belief, neither Licensee
nor any of its subcontractors are on the list created pursuant to Tennessee Code Annotated §12-12-
106. Misrepresentation may result in civil and criminal sanctions, including contract termination,
debarment, or suspension from being a Licensee, Contractor, or subcontractor under Metro
contracts.
40. Governing Law. The laws of the State of Tennessee shall control the validity, construction and
effect of this License and also any extension and/or modifications of it.
41. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or
agree to give any employee or former employee to solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from
another person, a gratuity or an offer of employment in connection with any decision, approval,
disapproval, recommendation, preparation of any part of a program requirement or a purchase
DocuSign Envelope ID: 105D8F23-491C-4849-AFA8-354F5D560A6E
ARCHIVE


Page 10 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
request, influencing the content of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice, 
investigation, auditing or in any other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request 
for ruling, determination, claim or controversy or other particular matter, concerning any program 
requirement of a contract, or sub-contract or to any solicitation or proposal thereof. It shall be a 
breach of ethical standards to make any payment, gratuity, or offer of employment, by or for a sub- 
contractor under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or any person 
associated therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. 
42. Force Majeure. If the premises or any part of The Fairgrounds is destroyed or damaged by fire or
any other cause, or if any other casualty or unforeseen occurrence renders the fulfillment of this
License by The Fairgrounds impossible, the Licensee shall be liable for rent which has accrued
only at the time of termination, provided, however, if such impossibility of performance shall be
due to the act or omissions of Licensee, its agents, employees, members, licensees, or invitees, then
the Licensee shall be liable for the entire rent charged hereunder as well as all accrued charges in
addition to such other damages as may result from such acts or omissions. Licensee hereby waives
any claim for damages or compensation from The Fairgrounds on account of such termination.
43. Severability. Should any court of competent jurisdiction declare any provision of this License
invalid, then, such provision shall be severed and shall not affect the validity of the remaining
provisions of this License.
44. Entire Agreement. This License constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and
superseded all previous understandings. This License may not be modified except by written
consent of the parties hereto.
45. Logos and Trademarks. The Fairgrounds in its sole discretion may require prominent placement
of its logo on any and all promotional materials, whether print or digital, related to your special
event. The unauthorized use of “The Fairgrounds” trademarks and logos is strictly prohibited.
46. Signage. All signage must be in accordance with The Fairground signage policies as approved by
the Board of Fair Commissioners. Any and all signage inconsistent with the approved policy is
prohibited. All signage must be approved prior to installation and must be removed within one (1)
hour of the close of the event.
47. Shipping. The Fairgrounds will not be responsible for the acceptance and/or storage of any
shipments relating to the event.
48. Brown’s Creek. Licensor shall conduct no activities resulting in discharge to or harmful impact to
Brown’s Creek. The Metropolitan Stormwater Department is authorized to inspect property and
require the discontinuance of any activities that could result in harmful or hazardous impact to
Brown’s Creek or activities found to be harmful to public health safety and welfare generally as it
relates to Brown’s Creek or stormwater run-off.
49. Residual Matters. Any matters, not expressly covered by this License or by applicable rules and
regulations adopted by The Fairgrounds shall be determined by the Executive Director’s sole
discretion.
50. Exhibits. Exhibits A, B, and C are attached to this license agreement and incorporated herein.
51. Notices and Designation of Agent for Service of Process.
DocuSign Envelope ID: 105D8F23-491C-4849-AFA8-354F5D560A6E
ARCHIVE


Page 11 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
a.
Notice of to the Licensor concerning this license shall be delivered to:
The Fairgrounds Nashville Shipping by FED-X ,UPS & DHL:
P.O. Box 40208 
Nashville, TN 37204 
Phone: (615) 862-8994 
624 Smith Ave. 
Nashville, Tn. 
37203 
Fax: (615) 862-8992 
If questions call 615-862-8980 
*We will ONLY accept the week of event
b.
Notices to Licensee shall be delivered to:
Address:
c.
Licensee hereby designates the following as the Licensee’s agent for service of process
52. Additional Provisions:
(This Space Is Intentionally Left Blank) 
Licensee:
Att'n:
and will waive any objection to service of process if process is served upon this agent
Designated Agent:
Att'n:
Address:
Associated Builders & Contracters
Associated Builders & Contracters
Lyndsie McClure
1604 Elm Hill Pike Nashville,TN 37210
Lyndsie McClure
1604 Elm Hill Pike Nashville,TN 37210
Nashville Fairgrounds and all individuals on Fairgrounds property are subject to state and local
orders requiring social distancing. To the extent that any individuals on Fairgrounds property are in 
violation of these orders, Fairgrounds staff reserves the right to request that individuals in violation of 
one or more of these orders take actions to come into compliance. Those who refuse to comply may 
be removed from the property.
DocuSign Envelope ID: 105D8F23-491C-4849-AFA8-354F5D560A6E
ARCHIVE


Page 12 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
53. EFFECTIVE DATE. This License shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed first
by the Licensee and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government. When it
has been so signed, this license shall be effective as of the date first written above.
DocuSign Envelope ID: 105D8F23-491C-4849-AFA8-354F5D560A6E
ARCHIVE


Page 14 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
There will be a minimum clean-up fee of $500.00 per building if the building & restrooms 
are not left in the condition in which they were received. During the event, all trash must be 
taken to the dumpsters in the back dumpster lot. The Fairgrounds will supply as many 
trash cans & liners as needed. At the end of the event, ALL trash MUST be left at the 
rollup door(s) for pickup. The Promoter is responsible for keeping the restrooms clean as 
well as restocking the paper towel & toilet paper receptacles as needed. Staff will provide 
the receptacle keys. 
EXHIBIT A 
 
To make a request for accessible accommodations please contact Scott Wallace at 615-862-8980.
Building Rental Rates as of April 16, 2019 
Building 
Days 
Per Day 
Per Day 
Amount 
Expo 1
$4,800.00 
$ 
Expo 2 
$2,600.00 
$ 
Expo 3 
$3,200.00 
$
Sheds
$1,500.00 
$ 
Show Arena
$1,500.00 
$ 
Fair Park 
$7,500.00 
$ 
Expo Lots
$750.00 each 
$ 
$ 
$ 
Courtyard
$750.00 
$ 
Canopies 1-6
$200, $300 & 500.00
* Plus Sales Tax 9.25% when applicable
* Total Due
 No booths are allowed in the building breezeways. This space is for D&D food/beverage 
vendors ONLY and this is not part of the contracted space listed above. 
500.00
500.00
DocuSign Envelope ID: 105D8F23-491C-4849-AFA8-354F5D560A6E
ARCHIVE


Page 15 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
EXHIBIT B 
Equipment Rental Rates as of January 1, 2015 
To receive Advance rates, the order must be placed five (5) business days prior to show move in. All 
pricing is per each unless otherwise noted. Any order placed after that time will be charged floor rates. 
Equipment 
Advance 
Floor 
(Rates are PER EVENT) 
110 Electric Outlet Drop 
$40 
$45 
220 Electric Outlet Drop 
$75 
$105 
Plug into Electric Wall Outlet 
$15 
$20 
Barricades (8 ft. section) 
$25 
$30 
Metal Bleachers (seats 45 adults) 
$150 
$200 
Metal Bleachers (seats 90 adults) 
$300 
$350 
Metal Folding Chairs 
$2.00 
$2.50 
Banquet Chairs (padded) 
$2.75 
$3.50 
Loading Cart 
$25 
Same 
PA System- w/corded Mic. 
$50 
$60 
PA System- wireless Mic. 
$90 
$110 
Pipe & Drape (booth size 10x10) 
$30 panel 
$40 booth 
$40 panel 
$50 booth 
Podium 
$30 
$35 
Staging (per 3’x 8’x 24” section) 
$30 
$40 
Tables-Rectangle (6’ or 8’) 
$10 
$12 
Tables-Rectangle Clothed/Skirted 
$30 
$45 
Tables-Round *with cloth add $5* 
$20 
$30 
Ticket Drum 
$20 
$25 
Ticket Booth 
$150 
$200 
Cones 
$5 
$7.50 
Hang Your Signs (2 FREE) 
$25 
$35 
Stretch Rods 
$10 
$12 
Miscellaneous Services 
Copies 
$0.50 
per page 
Laminate paper 
$3.00 
per page 
Fax - Local call 
$1.50 
per page 
Fax - Long distance 
$2.50 
per page 
Front End Loader- **3 hr. min.** 
$65 per hour 
$90 per hour 
Forklift- **3 hr. min.** 
$65 per hour 
$90 per hour 
ALL PRICES ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 105D8F23-491C-4849-AFA8-354F5D560A6E
ARCHIVE


Page 13 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed their signatures as of the date first above 
written. 
LICENSOR: 
LICENSEE: 
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF 
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, 
TENNESSEE BY AND THROUGH 
THE BOARD OF FAIR COMMISSIONERS 
_ 
Director 
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY 
OF FUNDS: 
_ 
Kevin Crumbo 
Director of Finance 
APPROVED AS TO INSURANCE 
REQUIREMENTS: 
Licensee:
BY: 
Title: 
 
Director of Insurance 
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND 
LEGALITY: 
_ 
Metropolitan Attorney 
Filed with the Metropolitan Clerk: 
Metropolitan Clerk 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 105D8F23-491C-4849-AFA8-354F5D560A6E
ABC- Greater Tennessee
President/CEO
10/20/2020
ARCHIVE


9/28/2020
Frank E. Neal & Co., Inc.
P.O. Box 40507
193-B Polk Avenue (37210)
Nashville
TN
37204
(615)383-8874
(615)383-8939
LTomberlain@feneal.com
Associated Builders & Contractors Inc. of
Middle Tennessee
1604 Elm Hill Pike
Nashville
TN
37210-3614
Frankenmuth Mutual Ins Co
13986
Underwriters at Lloyd's, London
32727
11/07/2019-20
A
X
X
X
X
CPP6643187
11/7/2019
11/7/2020
1,000,000
500,000
5,000
1,000,000
2,000,000
2,000,000
Host Liquor Liability
INCLUDED
A
X
X
BA6643186
11/7/2019
11/7/2020
HIRED/NONOWNED
1,000,000
B
MISC. PROFESSIONAL
MPL1898394
2/3/2020
2/3/2021
LIMIT, EACH  CLAIM
1,000,000
LIABILITY / RETENTION 2,500
AGGREGATE:
1,000,000
RE: PUMPKIN CARVING CONTEST
As respects General Liability, Metropolitan Government and The Fairgrounds Nashville, it's officials,
officers, employees and volunteers are additional insured per form 18202 with respect to the written
contract between the certificate holder and the named insured for the referenced project or agreement.
THE FAIRGROUNDS,
SEE PAGE 2 FOR ADDITIONAL INFO
401 WINGROVE STREET
NASHVILLE, TN  37203
(615)862-8992
alison.haymer@nashville.gov
Brent Neal/LEE
The ACORD name and logo are registered marks of ACORD
CERTIFICATE HOLDER
© 1988-2014 ACORD CORPORATION.
All rights reserved.
ACORD 25 (2014/01)
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
CANCELLATION
DATE (MM/DD/YYYY)
CERTIFICATE OF LIABILITY INSURANCE
LOC
JECT
PRO-
POLICY
GEN'L AGGREGATE LIMIT APPLIES PER:
OCCUR
CLAIMS-MADE
COMMERCIAL GENERAL LIABILITY
PREMISES (Ea occurrence)
$
DAMAGE TO RENTED
EACH OCCURRENCE
$
MED EXP (Any one person)
$
PERSONAL & ADV INJURY
$
GENERAL AGGREGATE
$
PRODUCTS - COMP/OP AGG
$
$
RETENTION
DED
CLAIMS-MADE
OCCUR
$
AGGREGATE
$
EACH OCCURRENCE
$
UMBRELLA LIAB
EXCESS LIAB
DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS / LOCATIONS / VEHICLES  (ACORD 101, Additional Remarks Schedule, may be attached if more space is required)
INSR
LTR
TYPE OF INSURANCE
POLICY NUMBER
POLICY EFF
(MM/DD/YYYY)
POLICY EXP
(MM/DD/YYYY)
LIMITS
PER
STATUTE
OTH-
ER
E.L. EACH ACCIDENT
E.L. DISEASE - EA EMPLOYEE
E.L. DISEASE - POLICY LIMIT
$
$
$
ANY PROPRIETOR/PARTNER/EXECUTIVE
If yes, describe under
DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS below
(Mandatory in NH)
OFFICER/MEMBER EXCLUDED?
WORKERS COMPENSATION
AND EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY
Y / N
AUTOMOBILE LIABILITY
ANY AUTO
ALL OWNED
SCHEDULED
HIRED AUTOS
NON-OWNED
AUTOS
AUTOS
AUTOS
COMBINED SINGLE LIMIT
BODILY INJURY (Per person)
BODILY INJURY (Per accident)
PROPERTY DAMAGE
$
$
$
$
THIS IS TO CERTIFY THAT THE POLICIES OF INSURANCE LISTED BELOW HAVE BEEN ISSUED TO THE INSURED NAMED ABOVE FOR THE POLICY PERIOD
INDICATED.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANY REQUIREMENT, TERM OR CONDITION OF ANY CONTRACT OR OTHER DOCUMENT WITH RESPECT TO WHICH THIS
CERTIFICATE MAY BE ISSUED OR MAY PERTAIN, THE INSURANCE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES DESCRIBED HEREIN IS SUBJECT TO ALL THE TERMS,
EXCLUSIONS AND CONDITIONS OF SUCH POLICIES. LIMITS SHOWN MAY HAVE BEEN REDUCED BY PAID CLAIMS.
INSD
ADDL
WVD
SUBR
N / A
$
$
(Ea accident)
(Per accident)
OTHER:
THIS CERTIFICATE IS ISSUED AS A MATTER OF INFORMATION ONLY AND CONFERS NO RIGHTS UPON THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER. THIS
CERTIFICATE DOES NOT AFFIRMATIVELY OR NEGATIVELY AMEND, EXTEND OR ALTER THE COVERAGE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES
BELOW.  THIS CERTIFICATE OF INSURANCE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A CONTRACT BETWEEN THE ISSUING INSURER(S), AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OR PRODUCER, AND THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER.
IMPORTANT:  If the certificate holder is an ADDITIONAL INSURED, the policy(ies) must be endorsed.  If SUBROGATION IS WAIVED, subject to
the terms and conditions of the policy, certain policies may require an endorsement.  A statement on this certificate does not confer rights to the
certificate holder in lieu of such endorsement(s).
COVERAGES
CERTIFICATE NUMBER:
REVISION NUMBER:
INSURED
PHONE
(A/C, No, Ext):
PRODUCER
ADDRESS:
E-MAIL
FAX
(A/C, No):
CONTACT
NAME:
NAIC #
INSURER A :
INSURER B :
INSURER C :
INSURER D :
INSURER E :
INSURER F :
INSURER(S) AFFORDING COVERAGE
SHOULD ANY OF THE ABOVE DESCRIBED POLICIES BE CANCELLED BEFORE
THE EXPIRATION DATE THEREOF, NOTICE WILL BE DELIVERED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE POLICY PROVISIONS.
INS025 (201401)
DocuSign Envelope ID: 105D8F23-491C-4849-AFA8-354F5D560A6E
ARCHIVE


CERTIFICATE HOLDER CONTINUED FROM PAGE 1:
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE & DAVIDSON COUNTY AND THE BOARD OF FAIR COMMISSIONERS
COMMENTS/REMARKS
COPYRIGHT 2000, AMS SERVICES INC.
OFREMARK
DocuSign Envelope ID: 105D8F23-491C-4849-AFA8-354F5D560A6E
ARCHIVE


 
Page 1 of 3 
 
 
October 8, 2020 
 
Mr. Clay Crownover 
Associated Builders and Contractors Greater Tennessee; Emerging Leaders 
1604 Elm Hill Pike 
Nashville, Tennessee  37210 
 
Dear Mr. Crownover: 
 
This correspondence will confirm receipt of an application for the Pumpkin Carving Contest & Benefit, to be 
held on 10/16/2020, from 2:00:00 PM to 4:00:00 PM, at Nashville Fairgrounds - Shed, 401 Wingrove Street 
Nashville, TN 37203, Nashville, Tennessee.   
 
This letter shall serve as approval for the Pumpkin Carving Contest & Benefit, provided the event is managed 
as proposed in your certified application.  As a reminder, you certified to the following: 
 
1. 
All customers, guests or attendees shall be off premises and the premises closed to the public 
between 11:00PM CDT and 5:00AM CDT. 
 
2. 
All employees, patrons, and attendees will adhere to CDC guidance on social distancing and hand 
sanitizing. 
 
3. 
All employees, vendors, customers guests, and attendees shall follow Order 8 from the Chief 
Medical Director by wearing cloth face coverings or masks. 
 
4. 
Seating sufficient for at least one-half the total attendees shall be provided.  Tables, booths, or 
seats shall be arranged or closed to provide sufficient space between parties to comply with CDC 
guidance on social distancing, which may be accomplished through barriers or partitions between 
individuals or parties. 
 
5. 
All employees and vendors will be screed daily with temperature and symptom checks.  An 
employee or vendor with symptoms or temperature of 100.4 degrees Fahrenheit or greater must 
leave the premises immediately. 
 
6. 
All attendees will be screened prior to the event with temperature and symptom checks.  An 
attendee with symptoms or temperature of 100.4 degrees Fahrenheit or greater must leave the 
premises immediately. 
 
7. 
Information about health precautions for patrons, attendees, employees and staff will be posted 
at the event, including risks to vulnerable individuals and local requirements of the wearing of 
masks and for social distancing. 
 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 105D8F23-491C-4849-AFA8-354F5D560A6E
ARCHIVE


Page 2 of 3 
 
8. 
Educational information about COVID-19 will be included in contracts, tickets, websites, and/or 
promotions.  The educational information shall include an alert to vulnerable individuals (in 
particular those with preexisting health conditions) and ensure awareness of local requirements 
regarding the wearing of face coverings or masks, and for social distancing. 
 
9. 
Hand sanitizer will be provided to the extent possible, including at all entrances. 
 
10. 
Employees will be advised to not come to work if they feel ill or have any symptoms until the 
employee satisfies CDC guidance for release from isolation or quarantine. 
 
11. 
Social distancing must be maintained in elevators, kitchens and dining areas. 
 
12. 
Live music or entertainment will comply with Exhibit A or Order 11. 
 
13. 
No self-serve food or condiment stations shall be allowed.  Condiments shall be single-service, or 
table-service sanitized between each party’s use. 
 
14. 
All surfaces shall be sanitized after each completed use by a person. 
 
This approval letter is not transferable and must be posted or filed on the premises at which the event is taking 
place so employees will be aware of the requirements. 
 
Receipt of approval for this event from the Metro Public Health Department does not relieve you from the 
responsibility to comply fully with the applicable provisions of any other requirement(s) imposed by statute, 
rule or regulation of the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, Tennessee, the State 
of Tennessee or the United States Government. 
 
By filing the application you have affirmed that you are authorized to, and have, provided consent for 
representatives of the Metropolitan Government, including but not limited to law enforcement, to enter the 
premises to monitor for compliance with, or to enforce, the Orders of the Chief Medical Director and the 
requirements for the event. 
 
Sincerely, 
 
Michael C Caldwell MD MPH 
Chief Medical Director of Health 
 
See Exhibit B, next page 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 105D8F23-491C-4849-AFA8-354F5D560A6E
ARCHIVE


Page 3 of 3 
 
EXHIBIT B  
  
IN CONJUNCTION WITH METRO’S CURRENT GUIDELINES, THE FOLLOWING STEPS WILL BE 
IMPLEMENTED TO ENSURE THE SAFETY OF THE PUBLIC, HOSPITALITY WORKERS, AND MUSICIANS: 
  
1) 
All live musicians/entertainers will operate under the same guidelines as the property/venue’s 
staff. Temperatures will be checked upon arrival & they will be screened with the same 
questions about wellness, COVID symptoms & potential exposure. Anyone with a temperature 
of 100.4 or higher, or anyone with COVID symptoms, will be asked to leave the property and 
instructed to follow the existing recommendations for testing and self-isolating.  
  
2) 
Management will request periodic testing of musicians to ensure they are ahead of any infection 
risks.   
  
3) 
Venues/properties will continue to operate at reduced capacity (per Chief Medical Director’s 
orders). Seating and distancing guidelines must be adhered to.   
  
4) 
Venues/properties will ensure all musicians are staged a safe distance from guests/tables 
defined as a minimum of 15 feet between performers and patrons.   
  
5) 
Musicians will not be permitted on stage until the prior musicians have exited the stage and the 
venue has had the opportunity to sanitize.   
  
6) 
The venue/property will fully sanitize the stage between acts: cables and stools must be 
sanitized.   
  
7) 
No equipment may be shared between performers; each musician is responsible for bringing 
their own equipment (microphones, mic stands, amplifiers, drumsticks, etc.).  
   
8) 
Social distancing protocols should be observed among performers (can be accomplished with 
barriers and other techniques).  
  
9) 
No dance floors permitted. When possible, tables will be placed on dance floors or the dance 
floor area will be cordoned off to deter gathering.  
  
10) Staff shall maintain a minimum distance of 6 feet from patrons, except when placing an item on 
the patron’s table. Music volume should not exceed a level that would prohibit staff from 
maintaining the minimum 6 feet distance while interacting with patrons.  
DocuSign Envelope ID: 105D8F23-491C-4849-AFA8-354F5D560A6E
ARCHIVE
