Docusign Envelope ID: B295A25B-778E-4764-9EA0-C3F9CA1FF374
AMENDMENT #2 TO GRANT CONTRACT BETWEEN
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
BY AND THROUGH THE METROPOLITAN HOUSING TRUST FUND COMMISSION
AND CLARK UMC COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION
This contract amendment is entered into by and between THE METROPOLITAN
GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY ACTING BY AND
THROUGH THE METROPOLITAN HOUSING TRUST FUND COMMISSION, a
municipal corporation of the State of Tennessee (hereinafter referred to as "Metro") and CLARK
UMC COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION. (hereinafter referred to as
"Recipient"). It is mutually understood and agreed by and between said, undersigned
contracting partics that the subject Grant Contract is hereby amended as follows:
1. Grant Contract section A.3 Scope of Program is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the
following:
A.3. The Recipient, under this Grant Contract, will spend funds solely for the purposes
set forth in their application or proposal for grant funding which is incorporated herein.
These funds shall be expended consistent with the Grant Budget, included in Attachment A.
Although some variation in line-item amounts for the Grant is consistent with the Grant
Budget, any change greater than 20% of a line-item shall require the prior written approval
of Metro. However, in no event will the total amount of the Grant funds provided to
Recipient go above the awarded Grant amount of $400,000.
2. Grant Contract section C.1 Maximum Liability is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the
following:
C.l Maximum Liability. In no event shall the maximum liability of Metro under this
Grant Contract exceed Four Hundred Thousand Dollars ($400,000). The Grant Budget,
attached and incorporated herein as part of Attachment A, shall constitute the maximum
amount to be provided to the Recipient by Mctro for all of the Recipient’s obligations
hereunder. The Grant Budget line items include, but are not limited to, all applicable taxes,
fees, overhead, and all other direct and indirect costs incurred or to be incurred by the
Recipient.
The remaining provisions of the Contract shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect.
IN WITNESS WHEREOP, the parties hereto have executed this Contract:
Recipient: Clark UMC COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION
} i
. ) } f}
By: C a neces Ca lu lek nie)
Janice Woodard, President
Da % "
Sue 95, Ava
Original Legistation RS2022-1443 Approved 4/6/2022
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: B295A25B-778E-4764-9EA0-C3F9CA1FF374
THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON
COUNTY:
APPROVED:
/ tM tA~ 6/25(2024
Petef/Westerholm, Chair Date
Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS:
‘DocuSigned by:
[ enin Crunlo/ngu 7/23/2024

~ Kevin Crumbo, Director Date
Department of Finance
APPROVED AS TO RISK AND INSURANCE:
Balogun Cobb
Directdf of Risk Management Services Date
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY:
Testa V. Bac —Warsh July 23, 2024
Assistant Metropoli€an Attorney Date .
APPROVED BY METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND
DAVIDSON COUNTY:

bad ( GL. JA AUG 0 7 2094
Freddie O’Connell — Date
Metropolitan County Mayor
ATTEST, thjs the Wh _dayor August 20 24
“ Metropolitan Clerk f

Original Legislation RS2022-1443 Approved 4/6/2022


Docusign Envelope ID: B295A25B-778E-4764-9EA0-C3F9CA1FF374
VUAN CLARK UMC Community Development Corporation, Inc.
Attachment A June 24, 2024
Clark CDC affordable homes project- Cost summary
Present projected costs
Costs
(a) Construction cost (based on Mitch Pollard Sept. 20, 2023 re-pricing) $ 1,473,469
(5 three-bedroom homes @$250,203; 1 two-bedroom home @$222,454)
(b) Metro Water additional costs (Per Concordia 6/12/23) 394,500, *
(c) New Furnishings (e.g. stoves, refrigerators, etc.) 10,500
(d) Décor (lighting, window coverings, etc.) 6,300
(e) Project Management (based on 12 months @ 9 hours/week @$90/hour) 42,000
(f) Fees for tenant screening and setting up rental software platform 1,250
Sub-total project costs $ 1,928,019
Less: Project cost contributions:
(g) MWS Participation agreement (water line) $100,000
(h) Barnes Fund $100,000**
(i) 12" Ave. North Townhomes, LLC $147,250
Less: Project cost contributions ($347,250)
Net CDC Project cost to fund: $1,580,769
Potential savings opportunities:
1. Aggressive use of CDC Tax Exemption to TBD
avoid 9.55% state taxes on materials purchased
during construction.
2. Mitch Pollard Sept. 2023 downward cost
adjustments to $1,473,469 quote. Agreement
is to pursue reductions throughout construction
process. TBD
* Amendment 2 approved by HTFC to cover Metro Water additional cost of $300,000
** Original Barnes contract amount $100,000


DocuSign Envelope ID: 4052D384-7248-489A-AC33-A89E1744501B
AMENDMENT 1 TO GRANT CONTRACT BETWEEN
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
BY AND THROUGH THE METROPOLITAN HOUSING TRUST FUND COMMISSION
AND CLARK UMC COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT CORPORAT ION
This contract amendment is entered into by and between THE METROPOLITAN
GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY ACTING BY AND
THROUGH THE METROPOLITAN HOUSING TRUST FUND COMMISSION, a
municipal corporation of the State of Tennessee (hercinaficr referred to as "Metro") and CLARK
UMC COMMUNITY: DEVELOPMENT. CORPORAT-1ON. (hereinafier referred to as :
“Recipieat"). It’ is mutually understood and. agreed by: and between said, ~ undersigned
contracting parties that the subject Grant Contract is hercby amended as follows:
1. Grant Contract section B.I is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
B.1. Graat Contract Term.. The term of this Grant shall be from execution of the grant
agreement unti) Project completion, but in no way greater than 36 months from the exctution
of the grant agreement. Metro shall have no obligation for services rendered by the Recipient
; which are not performed within this term.
The remaining provisions of the. Contract shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have exccuted this Contract:
Recipient: CLARK UMC CBC ING .
eee x on Nat . ' é Ad
ASAnice Woodard, PRESIDENT & BOARD CHAIR
Date: 1172024 __


DocuSign Envelope ID: 4052D384-7248-489A-AC33-A89E1744501B ,
THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON
COUNTY:
APPROVED:
i/o ooo
Gina Emmanuel, Acting Chair Da
Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS:
‘DocuSigned by:
| kein, Crwmbo/oqur
Kevin Crumbo, Director — Date
Department of Finance
APPROVED AS TO RISK AND INSURANCE:
‘DocuSigned by:

| Balonun, (ales
Director of Risk Management Services ’ Date
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY:

DocuSigned by:
Assistant Metropolitan Attorney Date
APPROVED BY THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON
COUNTY:
uth /| APR 04 2024

Freddie O'Connell Date
Metropolitan County Mayor
ATTESf, Sow Jay ? Pepvid , 20.24.

‘an 14 ——

r KLAA LG MKC

py7 dh

Metropolitan Clerk


DocuSign Envelope ID: 86777864-63ED-4282-B3AA-C5335D51AA96
GRANT CONTRACT
BETWEEN THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE

BY AND THROUGH

THE METROPOLITAN HOUSING TRUST FUND COMMISSION

AND

CLARK UMC COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION

This Grant Contract issued and entered into by and between the Meirapolitan Goverment of Nashville

and Davidson County, a municipal corporation of the State of Tennessee hereinafter relerred to as

“Metro”, and Clark UMC Community Development Corporation. hereinafter referred to as the “Recipient”

is for tho provision of the construction a! affordable housing units as further defined in the “SCOPE OF

PROGRAM.” Clark UMC Community Development Corporation will construc! 6 affordable housing rental

units located at 1217 Phillips Street, Nashville, TN 37208. The recipient's budget request is incorporated

herein by reference. Thc Recipient is a nonprofit charitable or civic organization.

A. SCOPE OF PROGRAM:

A... Each Property to which these grant funds arc provided for shall be subject to a Deciaration of
Restrictive Covenants (“Dectaration’) imposing cartain affordability requirements te encumber the
Property and mun with the land overa 30-ycar term. Terms defined in the Declaration shall have
the same meanings when used in this Agrcament.

A.2. The Recipient shall use the funds under this grani in accardance with the affordable housing
project submitted in the application and any of its amendments, which application is incarporated
herein, and subject to the terms and conditions set forih herein.

A3. The Recipient. under this Grant Contract. wilt spend funds solely for the purpases set forth in their
application or proposal for grant funding which és incorporated herein. These funds shali be
expended consistent with the Grant Budgel, included in Attachment A. Although some variation
in line-item amounts for the Grant is consistent with the Grant Budget. any change greater than
20% of a line-item shall require the prior veritten approval of Metro. However. in no event will the
total amount of the Grant funds provided to Recipient go above the awarded Grant amount of
$100,000.

Additional Conditions for Rental Properties:

A. The Recipient will proviée Metro with a management plan program oversight which includes
certification of the rents, utility allowances and tenantincomes. The Grantee will also provide
Metro an énnual certification tiat Barnes rental requirements are being met throughout the
compliance penod.

2 The Grantee will allow Meiro of a Metro-appioved contractor to conduct on-site inspections of the
granice fo: compliance Bames program requirements including. but nol limiled to, reviewing
tenant income calculations. rent doterminations and utility allowances.

3. Compliance restricuons on both tenant income and maximum renis shall apply for thirly (30)
years from the date of issuance of the certificate of occupancy for the final building within the
project. if a cerlificate of occupancy is not issued, the compliance period will begin on the date of
recordation of the notice of completion for the project.

B. GRANT CONTRACT TERM:

B.1. Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant shall be from execution of the giant agreementuntil
Project completion, bul in no way greater than 24 months from the execution of the grant
agreemesiL Metro shall have no obligation for services rendered by the Recipient which arc not
performed within this term. Pursuant to Metropolitan Cove of Laws § 2.149.040 (G). in Ihe event

PNOORTRES Ty |


DocuSign Envelope ID: 86777864-63ED-4282-B3AA-C5335D51AA96
the recipient fails to complete its obligations under this grant contract within twenty-four months
from execution, Metro is authorized to rescind the contract and to reclaim previously appropriated
funds from the organization.

C. PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

C1. Maximum Liability. In no event shall the maximum Wabdity of Metro under this Grant Contract
exceed One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000), The Grant Budget, attached and
incorporated herein as part of Attachment A, shall constitute the maximum aniount to be provided
to the Recipient by Metro for all of the Recipient's obligations hereunder. The Grant Budget line-
items include, but are not limited to, all applicable taxes, fees, overhead, and all other direct and
indirect costs incurred or to be incurred by the Recipient.

This amount shall constitute the Grant Amount and the entire compensation to be provided to the
Recipient by Metro.

C.2 Compensation Firm. The maximum liability of Metra is not subject to escalation far any reason.
The Grant Budget amount is firm for the duration of the Grant Contract and is not subject te
escalation for any reason unless the grant contract s amended.

C3. Payment Methodology. The Recipient shall be compensated for actual costs based upon the
Grant Gudget, not to exceed the maximum liability established in Section C.1. Upon execution of
the Grant Contract and receipt of a request for payment, the Recipient may be cligible to receive
felmbursement for milestones as completed based upon the Grant Budget.

a. Grant Draws
Before a draw can be made, there must be a physical inspection of the property by Metro
or an approved designee. The inspection must confirm appropriate completion af the
project
1) Construction Grant Draw Schedule (% based on grant amount)
© 12.5% - upon receipt of the Building Permit (check property address and
contractors name) and Builder's Risk Insurance sufficient to cover cast of
censiruction and confirmation o! acquisition (make sure Metro is listed as
lien nolder)
* 254% - footing framing and foundalion completed (25% complete)
= 25% - roofing completed and the plumbing. eleciric and mechanical acc
roughed iq] and approved by focal Codes (50% complete)
» 25% - cabinets, counters, drywall, trim and doors are installed (75%
complete)
Balance of grant upon receipt of a Final Use & Occupancy from local Codes (700%
comptele).
All draw requests except for the lirst 12.5% draw must be inspected before funding.
The above is the preferred draw method. Metro may occasionally fund based on
a true percentage of completion as noted in a Construction Inspection report or if
the application requested funds for land acquisition, understanding that the initial
12.5% or acquisibon draw may overfund the grant, requiring later draws to be
reduced.
2) Construction Grant Draw Process
+ Draw request is received from lhe Recipient, It should be requested by
the contractor and approved oy the Recipient.
* Complete property inspection
* Metro or approved designee approves Lhe request.
\natewrans 1) 2
a ees


DocuSign Envelope ID: 86777864-63ED-4282-B3AA-C5335D51AA96
* Payments should be made to the Recipier!.

All Invoices shall be sent to:

Barnes Housing Trust Fund

Planning Department — Housing Division

600 2™ Avenue South

Nashville, TN 37210

(615) 862-7190
Said payment shall not exceed the maxiniurn liability of this Grant Contract,
Final invoices far the contract period should be received by Metro Payment Services by 24
months from the execution of the grant agrearnent. Any invoice not received by the deadline dala
will not be processed and ail remaining grant tunds will expire.

C4. — Close-oul Expenditure end Narrative Report. The Recipient must submit a final grant Cloge-put
Expenditure and Narrative Report to be received by the Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund
Commission / Bames Housing Trust Fund within 45 days of the end of the Grant Contract. Said
feport shall be in form and substance acceptable to Metra and shall be prepared by a Certified
Public Accounting Firm or the Chief Financial Officer of the Recipient Organization.

C5. Payment of Invoice. The payment of any invoica by Metro shall not prejucica Metro's right to
abject to the invoice or any matter in relation tnerato. Such payment by Maire shall neither be
construed @s acceptance of any part of the work or service provided nor as an approval of any of
the costs lactuded therein,

C.6. Unallowable Costs. The Recipient's invoice shall be subject to reduction for amounts included in
any invoice or payment therelolore made which are determined by Metro, on the basis of audits
or monitoring conducted in accordance with the terms of this Grant Contract, to constilule
unallowable costs.

C.7, Deductions. Metro reserves the right to adjusi any emounts which are or shall become due and
Payable lo the Recipient by Metro under this or any Contract by deducting any amounts which are
of shall become due and payable to Metro by the Recipient under this or any Contract.

C.8. Electronic Payment. Metro requires as a condition of this contract that the Recipient shall
complete anc sign Metro's form authorizing steclronic payments lo lhe Recipient. Recipients who
have not already submitted the form to Metro will have thirty (30) days lo complete. sign. and
retum the form. Thereafter, ail payments to the Recipient, under this or any other contract the
Recipient has with Metro, must be mace electronically.

C.9. Recipient agrees and understands that procurement of goods and services for the granl project
Must comply with state and local law and regulations, including the Metropolitan Procurement
Code. Recipient will provide Metro wilh all plans and specifications needed for these
procurement purposes, Recipient will prompily review, and either approve or disapprove, in good
faith and with reasonable grounds all eslimales, amendments to scope of work, and ail work
performed by 2 contractor prior lo payment.

C.10. Public Meetings. At the reasonable request of Metro, Recipient agrees to attend public meetings,
neighborhood meetings, and other events regarding this Project.

C. 11. Reoognition. Any signage, printed materials, or online publications erected al the applicable
Project site or elsewhere regarding the Project shall include the following language or language
acceptable by Metro acknowledging thal the Project is partially funded with a grant {rom the
Barmes Fund for Affordable Housing of the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson
County:

AMIDA 3


DocuSign Envelope ID: 86777864-63ED-4282-B3AA-C5335D51AA96
This project funded in part by the Bames Affordable Housing Trust Fund of the
Metropolitan Government of Nasnville & Davidson County.
Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission
John Cooper, Mayor
Metropolitan Council of Nashville and Davidson County

D. STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

D4. Required Approvals. Metro is not bound by this Grant Contract until it is approved by the
Sppropriate Metro representatives as indicated an the signature page of this Grant.

D2, Modification ang Amendment. This Grant Contract may be modified Only by # written amondment
that has been approved in accordance with all Metro procedures and by appropriate legistation of
the Metropolitan Council.

D3. Default and Termination for Causa. Any failure by Owner lo perform any term or provision of this
Grant Contract shall constitute a "Detault" (1) if such failure is curable within 30 Gays and
Recipient does not cure such failure within 30 days following written notice of default from Metro,
or (2) if Such failure is not of 3 Mature which cannot reasonably be cured within such 30-day
period and Recipient does not within such 30-day period commence substantial efforts to cure
Such failure or thereafter docs nol within 4 reasonable time prosecute to completion with diligence
and continuity the curing of such failure. Should the Recipient Default under this Grant Contract
or if lhe Recipient violates any terms of this Grant Contract, Metro shall have tha right to
immedialety terminate the Grant Contract and the Recipient shall return to Metro any and ail grant
monies for services or projects under the grant not performed as of the termination date. The
Recipient shall also retum to Metro any and all funds expended for purposes Contrary to the
terms of the Grant. Such termination shall not relieve the Recipient of any liability ta Metro for
Gamages sustained by virlue of any breach by the Recipient.

D4, Subdegntracting. The Recipient shall nol assign this Grant Contract or enter into a subcontract for
any of the services performed under this Grant Contract without obtaining the prior written
approval of Metro. Notwithstanding any use of epproved subcontractors, the Recipient shall be
considered the prime Recipient and shall be responsible for all work performed.

D.5. Conflicts of interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount shall be paid
directly or indirectly to an employee or official of Metro as wages, compensation. or gifls in
exchange for acting as an officer, ageni, employee. subcoritractor. or consultant to lhe Recipient
in connection with any work contemplated or performed relative to this Grant Contract.

The Grantee also recognizes thal no person identified as a Covered Person below may obtain a financial

interest or benefit from a Metra Housing Trust Fund Competitive Grant assisted activity, or have an

interest in eny contract, subcontract or agreement with respect lherela, or the proceeds thereunder, either

for themselves or those whom they have family or business lies, during their tenure or for one year

thereafter.

| Covered Persons include immediate family members of any employee or board member of the Graniee,
Covered Persons afe incligible lo receive benefits through the Metro Housing Trust Fund
Competitive Grant program. Immediale family ties include (whether by blood, marriage of
adoplion) a spouse, parent (including slapparent), child (including a stepbrother or stepsister),
sister, brather, grandparent. grandchild, and in-laws of s Covered Person.
prucmesne t: 4


DocuSign Envelope ID: 86777864-63ED-4282-B3AA-C5335D51AA96

D6. Nondiscrimination. The Recnient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person shail be

excluded from parlicipation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination
in the performances of this Grant Contract of in the employment practices of the Recipient on the
grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other classification
which is in Violatian of applicable laws. The Recipient shail, upon request, show proof of suctr
nendiscnmination and shall post in conspicuous places, available to all employees and
applicants, notices of nondiscrimination,

o7 Records, All documents relating in any manner whatsoever to the grant Project, or any designated
portion thereof, which sre in the possession of Recipient, or any subcontractor of Racipient shall
De made available to the Metropolitan Government for inspection and copying upon wrillen request
dy the Metropolitan Govemment Furthermore, said documents shall be made available, upon
request by the Metropolitan Government, to any state, federal or other regulatory authority and any
such authority may review, inspect and copy such records. Said records include, bul are nat limited
to, all drawings, plans, specifications, submittals, correspondence, minutes. memoranda, tape
recardings, videos or other writings or things which document the grant project, its design and its
construction. Said records expressly include those documents reflecting the cost of construction,
including all subcontracts and payroll records of Recipient.

Recipient shail maintain docurnentation for all funds provided under this grant contract. The
books, records, and documents of Recipient, insofar as they relate to funds provided under this
grant contract. shall be maintained for a period of three (3) full years from the date of the final
payment, The books, records, and documents of Recipient, insofar as they ralate to funds
pravided under this grant contract, shall be subject to audit at any reasonable time and upen
reasonable notice by Metro or its duly appointed representatives. Records shall be maintained in
accordance with the standards outlined in the Metro Grants Manual. The financial statements
shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

D.8. Monitoring. The Recipient's activibes conducted and records maintained pursuant to this Grant
Contract shall be subject to monitoring and evaluation by Metro or Metro's duly appointed
representatives. The Recipient shail make all audit, accounting, or financial records, notes, and
other documents pertinent to this grant available for review by the Metropolitan Office of Financial
Accountability, Internal Audit or Metro's representatives, upon request, during normal working
hours.

D.9. Reporting. The Recipient must submit an Interim Prooram Report, to be received by the
Metropolitan Housing Trust Commission / Bames Housing Trust Fund, by no later than March 1,
2023 and a Final Program Report, to be received by the Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund
Cammission within 45 [forty-five] days of the end of the Grant Contract. Said reports shall detail
the outcome of the activilies funded under this Grant Contract.

D0. Sbict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist in any one or more cases upon the strict
performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement shall not
be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of any such term, covenant, condition, or provision.

No term or condition of this Grant Contract shall be held to be waived, modified, ar deleted except
hy a waitten amendment by the appropriate parties as indicated on the signature page of this
Grant.

D111. Insurance. The Recipient shall maintain adequate dublic Gability and other appropriate forms of
insurance, including other appropriate forn)s of insurance on the Recipient's employees, and lo
pay all applicable taxes incident to this Grarit Cortract.

D12 Metro Liability, Metro shall have no liability except as specifically provided in lhis Grant Contract.

0.13. Independent Contractor, Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to create a
partnership or joint venture between the Reciprent and Metrm or to create the relationship of
principal and agent between or among the Recipient and Metro. The Recipient shall not hold

peewee 5
a


DocuSign Envelope ID: 86777864-63ED-4282-B3AA-C5335D51AA96
itself out in a2 manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph. Matra shall not become liable for
any representation, act, or omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this Paragraph,

0.14. Indemnification snd Hold Harmless.

(a) Recipient shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Metro. |ts officers, agents and
employees from any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees for injuries or damages
arising, in part or in whole, from the negligent or intentional acts or omissions of Recipient, its
officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or independent contractors. in connection
with the performance of the contract, and any claims, damages, penalties, costs and atlorney
fees arising from any failure of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub
or independent contractors, te observe applicable laws, including, but not limited to, labor laws
Bnd minimum wage laws,

(b) Metro will not indemnify, defend or hald harmless in any fashion the Recipient from any
claims, regardless of sny language in any attachment or other document that the Recipient may
provide.

(c} Recipient shall pay Metro any expenses incurred as 4 result of Recipient's failure to fulfill any
obligation in a professional and timely manner under this Contract.

(d) Grantee's duties under this section shall survive the termination or expiration of lhe grant.

D145. Force Majeure, The obligations of the parties to this Grant Contract are Subject to prevention by
causes beyond the parties’ control that could not be avoided by the exercise of due care
including, but not limited to, acts of God, riots, wars, stnkes, epidemics or any other similar cause.

D.16, State, Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with all applicable federal,
state and local laws and regulations in the performance of this Grant Contract.

D417, Goveming Law and Venus. The validity, construction and effect of this Grant Contract anc any
and all extensions and/or modifications thereof shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The venue for legal action concerning this
Grant Contract shail be in the courts of Davidson County, Tennessee

D.18 = Altorney Fees. Recipient agrees that, in the event either party deams it necessary to take legal
achon to enforce any provision of lhe Grant Contract, and in the even! Metro prevails, Recipient
Shall pay all expenses of such action including Metro's attorney fees and costs at all stages of lhe
litigation.

Di8. Completeness. This Grant Contract is complete and contains the entire understanding Delween
the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein, including all the terms and condilions
of the parties’ agreement. This Grant Contract supersedes any and all prior understandings,
representations, negotiations, and agreements between the parties relating hereto, whether
written or oral.

D. 20. Headings. Section headings are for reference purposes only and shail nol be construed as part
of this Grant Contract.

D.21 Licensure. The Recipient and its employees and all sub-grantees shall be licensed pursuant to
all applicable federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, rules, and regulations and shall upon
request provide proof of ail licenses, Recipient will obtain all permits, licenses, and permissions
necessary for the grant project.

D.22. Waiver No waiver of any provision of this contract shail affect the right of any party thereafter lo
enforce such provision or to exercise any right or remedy available to it in the event of any olher
defauit.

[Neievses | 6
ee ee


DocuSign Envelope ID: 86777864-63ED-4282-B3AA-C5335D51AA96

D. 23. Inspection. The Grantee agrees to permit inspection of the project and/or services provided for
herein, withoul any charge, by members of the Grantor and its representatives.

0.24. Assignment—Consent Required, The provisions of this contract shail inure to the benefit of and
shall be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Except for
the rights of monay due to Recipient under this contract, neither this contract nor any of the nights
and obligations of Recipient hereunder shall be assigned or transfarred in whole or in part without
the prior written consent of Metro. Any such assignment or transfer shall not release Recipient
fram its obligetions hereunder. Notice of assignment of any rights to money due to Recipient
under this Contract must be sent to the attention of the Metra Department of Finance.

0.25. Gratuities and Kickbagks. {| shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or
agree to give any employee or farmer employee, or for any employee or former employee ta
solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a gratuity or alt offer of
employment in connection with any decision, approval. disapproval, recommendation,
preparations of any part of » program requirement or a purchase request, influencing the content
of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any
other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request for ruling. determination, claim
or controversy in any proceeding of application, request for ruling, determination, claim or
controversy of other particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or
subcontract ar to any solicitation or proposal therefore. It shall be a breach of ethical standards
for any payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor
Under 2 Contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or a person associated
therewith, as an inducement for the award of @ subcontract or order. Breach of the provisions of
this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, 3 breach of cthical standards which may
result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment ar suspension from participation in
Metropolitan Government contracts.

0.26. Communications and Contacts. All instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other
communications from the Recipient required or contemplated by this Grant Contract shall be in
writing and shall be made by facsimile \ransmission, email, or by first class mail, addressed to the
respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or address as set forth below or to such
other party, facsimile number, of address as may be hereafter specified by wrillen natice.

Metro:

For cantract-related matters and enquines regarding invoices:
Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission | Barnes Housing Trust Fund
Planning Department — Housing Division
600 2 Avenue Squth
Nashville, TN 37210
(615) 882-7190
Ashiey.Brown2@Nashville.Gov

Recipient;

Clark UMC Community Development Corporation
1014 14th Avenue North
Nashville, TN 37208

D.27- Lobbying. The Recipient certifies, to tha best of its knowledge and belief, that.

a. No federally appropriated funds have deen paid or will be paid, by or on behalf of the
Recipient, to any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee
of any agency, a Member of Congress In connection with the awarding of any federal
contract, the making of any federal grant, the making of any federal foan, and entering
into of any cooperative agreement, and the extension, conlinualion, renewal,

sam RH z


DocuSign Envelope ID: 86777864-63ED-4282-B3AA-C5335D51AA96

amendment, or modification of any federal contract, grant, loan, or cooperative
agreement

b, \fany funds other than federally appropriated funds have been paid or will bs paid fo any
Person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any agency, 2
Member of Congress, an officer or employee of Congress, or an employee of e Member
of Congress in connection with this grant, lean, or cooperative agreament, the Recipient
shall complete and submit Standard Form-LLL, “Disclosure Form to Report Lobbying,” in
accordance with its instructions.

oe The Recipient shall require that the language of this certification be included in the award
Gocuments for all sub-awards at ail tiers (including sub-grants, subcontracts, and
contracts under grants. loans, and cooperative agreements) and that all subcontractors of
federally appropriated funds shall certify and disclose sccordingly.

D.28 Effective Date. This contract shell not be binding upon the parties unti it has been signed first by tha
Recipient and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government and has been
filed in the office of the Metropolitan Clerk. When it has been <0 signed and filed, this contract shall
be effective as of the date first writlen above.

(THIS PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK)
jnasseane | ®
eee


DocuSign Envelope ID: 86777864-63ED-4282-B3AA-C5335D51AA96
THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT RECIPIENT:
Le : ;
a pe ea AND.DAVIDSON Clare UMC Community Development
orth -Coipofation :
APPROVED ASTOPROGRAMSCOPE = g/Taneen Woyell ad)
Swom to and subscribed ta before ine a
re Notary Public, this J¢May
Gina Emmanuel, 'Chair,, . ae, . v- 2022. i ~~
Metrapolitan Housing. Trust Fund of Aanuary. _, 202 Ss LOce
Commission LY¥4 STATE <a q
a
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF Notary Public | a
l FUNDS: ON PUBLIC Zap
Rely Penney |g / QF
Kelly'Flannery, ‘Dirackor. : fo /, ) WY)
Department of Finance, De tow KU (7) ape
My Commissio .
APPROVED AS TO FORM'AND: enties._ 3) 7/6 CLS
LEGALITY: .
Assistant ehopolion Atlorney. ~ .
‘APPROVED AS TO RISK AND.
INSURANCE:
“Director af 4 « Management Seniges
‘APPROVED BY. METROPOLITAN’
GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND.
DAVIDSON COUNTY:
od oe
Metropolitan Clerk.
(hronr ane & 9


DocuSign Envelope ID: 86777864-63ED-4282-B3AA-C5335D51AA96
Clark CDC Projections - 2021 through 2023
| BALANCE SHEET |
En ee aes See
a es es 147094
Grants (received/projected) 65000)
Loans - Citizens Bank = 1300000
Loans - Methodist Foundation 1400000
it eS | 701000
gifts | 50000]
Cs a ee os
rota =| 53,663,098
(0
Loans Payable; Citizens Bank
[Constructioncosts | | ~—~'2300000
2023 Mortgage; Methodist Foundation 97428
Other liabilities ee ee
TOTAL LIABILITIES | | 52,697,428
NETWoRTH | $965,666
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND NET WORTH $ 3,663,094
