EXHIBIT S
GRANT CONTRACT 2024-R13-THF BETWEEN
THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE
BY AND THROUGH
THE METROPOLITAN HOUSING TRUST FUND COMMISSION AND
The Housing Fund

This Grant Contract issued and entered into by and between the Metropolitan Government of

Nashville and Davidson County, a municipal corporation of the State of Tennessee hereinafter

referred to as “Metro”, and The Housing Fund, hereinafter referred to as the “Recipient,” is for

the provision of the construction of affordable housing as further defined in the "SCOPE OF

PROGRAM." The Housing Fund will be preserving 85 affordable housing units located at

Various addresses TBD. The Recipient’s grant budget is incorporated herein by reference. The

Recipient is a nonprofit charitable or civic organization.

A. SCOPE OF PROGRAM:

A.1. Each Property to which these grant funds are provided for shall be subject to a
forgivable lien in accordance with A.6.b. below.

A.2. The Recipient shall use the funds under this grant in accordance with the affordable
housing project described in the Scope of Work, which is incorporated herein and
attached hereto as Attachment A, and any of its amendments and subject to the terms
and conditions set forth herein.

A.3. The Recipient, under this Grant Contract, will spend funds solely for the purposes set
forth in the work scope outlined in Attachment A. These funds shall be expended
consistent with the Grant Budget, included in Attachment B. Although some variation in
line-item amounts for the Grant is consistent with the Grant Budget, any change greater
than 20% of a draw category shall require the prior written approval of the Metro Housing
Director. However, in no event will the total amount of the Grant funds provided to
Recipient go above the Grant Award amount of $500,000. '

A4. This Grant Contract by and through the Housing Trust Fund Commission and the
Recipient is expressly limited to the Grant award and for the purposes described herein.
Prior to the use of any funds, the property must be properly zoned, and it is the sole
responsibility of the Recipient to pursue any necessary rezoning or other land use
change. This Grant Contract in no way serves to supersede the authority of the Metro
Nashville Planning Commission or the Metropolitan Council’s authority to approve or
deny zoning or land use changes on the proposed property and shall not be used for
such purposes.

A.5. The Grantee will allow Metro or a Metro-approved contractor to conduct on-site
inspections of the grantee for compliance Barnes program requirements.

A.6. Requirements for Owner-Occupied Rehabilitation Projects:

a. Recipient shall ensure that initial homeowners at the time of application. Income-
eligible is defined as households with incomes at or below 80% of the Area Median
Income (AMI), adjusted by household size. The AMI is established annually by the
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, and Recipient shall follow the
AMI in effect at the time of each homeowner's application.

{N0281585.1} 1


b. Recipient shall record a lien and enter into a cost recapture agreement with the
homeowner according to the following schedule.

c. Work undertaken with the Grant Award must have a 1-year warranty.

d. Recipient should shall correct all Code issues identified within the scope of work.

B. GRANT CONTRACT TERM:

B.1. | Grant-Contract-Term. The term of this Grant shall.be from execution of the grant
agreement until Project completion, but in no way greater than 24 months from the
execution of the grant agreement. Metro shall have no obligation for services rendered
by the Recipient which are not performed within this term. Pursuant to Metropolitan
Code of Laws § 2.149.040 (G), in the event the recipient fails to complete its obligations
under this grant contract within twenty-four months from execution, Metro is authorized
to rescind the contract and to reclaim previously appropriated funds from the
organization.

Cc. PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

C.1.. Maximum Liability. In no event shall the maximum liability of Metro under this Grant
Contract exceed Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000) (“Grant Award”). The
Grant Budget, attached and incorporated herein as part of Attachment B, details the
project budget, and the Grant Award shall constitute the maximum amount to be
provided to the Recipient by Metro for all of the Recipient’s obligations hereunder.

The Grant Budget line items include, but are not limited to, all applicable taxes, fees,
overhead, and all other direct and indirect costs incurred or to be incurred by the
Recipient.

C.2. Compensation Firm. The maximum liability of Metro is not subject to escalation for any
reason. The Grant Budget amount is firm for the duration of the Grant Contract and is
not subject to escalation for any reason unless the grant contract is amended.

C.3. Payment Methodology. The Recipient shall be compensated for actual costs based
upon the Grant Budget, not to exceed the maximum liability established in Section C.1.
Upon execution of the Grant Contract and receipt of a request for payment, the
Recipient may be eligible to receive reimbursement for milestones as completed based
upon the Grant Budget.

(N0281585.1) 2


a. Grant Draws
1) Construction Grant Draw Schedule

e Recipient shall submit draw requests in accordance with the Draw Schedule
provided in Attachment C. Changes to the Draw Schedule shall require an
amendment to the Grant Contract.

e Before a draw can be made, there must be a physical inspection of the property
by Metro or an approved designee unless otherwise specified. The inspection
must confirm appropriate completion of the project.

2) Construction Grant Draw Process

e Recipient must submit draw requests in the form and according to the
directions provided by Metro.

e Allinvoices shall be sent to: bfpayments@nashville.gov

e Said payment shall not exceed the maximum liability of this Grant Contract.

e Final invoices for the contract period should be received by Metro Payment
Services by 24 months from the execution of the grant agreement. Any
invoice not received by the deadline date will not be processed and all
remaining grant funds will expire.

C.4. Close-out Expenditure and Narrative Report. The Recipient must submit a final grant
Close-out Expenditure and Narrative Report, to be received by the Metropolitan Housing
Trust Fund Commission / Barnes Housing Trust Fund within 45 days of project
completion in conjunction with the submission of the final draw on the award. Said report
shall be in form and substance acceptable to Metro and shall be prepared by a Certified
Public Accounting Firm or the Chief Financial Officer of the Recipient Organization. It
should detail the outcomes of the activities funded under this Grant Contract.

C.5. Payment of Invoice. The payment of any invoice by Metro shall not prejudice Metro’s
right to object to the invoice or any matter in relation thereto. Such payment by Metro
shall neither be construed as acceptance of any part of the work or service provided nor
as an approval of any of the costs included therein.

C.6. Unallowable Costs. The Recipient's invoice shall be subject to reduction for amounts
included in any invoice or payment theretofore made which are determined by Metro, on
the basis of audits or monitoring conducted in accordance with the terms of this Grant
Contract, to constitute unallowable costs.

C.7. Deductions. Metro reserves the right to adjust any amounts which are or shall become
due and payable to the Recipient by Metro under this or any Contract by deducting any
amounts which are or shall become due and payable to Metro by the Recipient under
this or any Contract.

{NO281585.1} 3


C.8. Electronic Payment. Metro requires as a condition of this contract that the Recipient
shall complete and sign Metro's form authorizing electronic payments to the Recipient.
Recipients who have not already submitted the form to Metro will have thirty (30) days to
complete, sign, and return the form. Thereafter, all payments to the Recipient, under this
or any other contract the Recipient has with Metro, must be made electronically.

C.9. Procurement. Recipient agrees and understands that procurement of goods and services
for the grant project must comply with state and local law and regulations, including the
Metropolitan Procurement Code. Recipient will provide Metro with all plans and
specifications needed for these procurement purposes. Recipient will promptly review,
and either approve or disapprove, in good faith and with reasonable grounds all
estimates, amendments to scope of work, and all work performed by a contractor prior to
payment.

C.10. Public Meetings. At the reasonable request of Metro, Recipient agrees to attend public
meetings, neighborhood meetings, and other events regarding this Project.

C.11. Recognition. Any signage, printed materials, or online publications erected at the
applicable Project site or elsewhere regarding the Project shall include the following
language or language acceptable by Metro acknowledging that the Project is partially
funded with a grant from the Barnes Fund for Affordable Housing of the Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County:

This project funded in part by the Barnes Affordable Housing Trust Fund of the Metropolitan
Government of Nashville & Davidson County.

Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission

Freddie O’Connell, Mayor

Metropolitan Council of Nashville and Davidson County

D. STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

D.1. Required Approvals. Metro is not bound by this Grant Contract until it is approved by the
appropriate Metro representatives as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.

D.2. | Modification and Amendment. This Grant Contract may be modified only by a written
amendment that has been approved in accordance with all Metro procedures and by
appropriate legislation of the Metropolitan Council.

D.3. Default and Termination for Cause. Any failure by Owner to perform any term or
provision of this Grant Contract shall constitute a "Default" (1) if such failure is curable
within 30 days and Recipient does not cure such failure within 30 days following written
notice of default from Metro, or (2) if such failure is not of a nature which cannot
reasonably be cured within such 30-day period and Recipient does not within such 30-
day period commence substantial efforts to cure such failure or thereafter does not within
a reasonable time prosecute to completion with diligence and continuity the curing of
such failure. Should the Recipient Default under this Grant Contract or if the Recipient
violates any terms of this Grant Contract, Metro shall have the right to immediately
terminate the Grant Contract and the Recipient shall return to Metro any and all grant
monies for services or projects under the grant not performed as of the termination date.
The Recipient shall also return to Metro any and all funds expended for purposes

{NO281585.1} 4
ARCHIVE


contrary to the terms of the Grant. Such termination shall not relieve the Recipient of
any liability to Metro for damages sustained by virtue of any breach by the Recipient.

D.4. Subcontracting. The Recipient shall not assign this Grant Contract or enter into a
subcontract for any of the services performed under this Grant Contract without obtaining
the prior written approval of Metro. Notwithstanding any use of approved subcontractors,
the Recipient shall be considered the prime Recipient and shall be responsible for all
work performed.

D.5. Conflicts of Interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount shall
be paid directly or indirectly to an employee or official of Metro as wages, compensation,
or gifts in exchange for acting as an officer, agent, employee, subcontractor, or
consultant to the Recipient in connection with any work contemplated or performed
relative to this Grant Contract.

The Grantee also recognizes that no person identified as a Covered Person below may
obtain a financial interest or benefit from a Metro Housing Trust Fund Competitive Grant
assisted activity, or have an interest in any contract, subcontract, or agreement with
respect thereto, or the proceeds thereunder, either for themselves or those whom they
have family or business ties, during their tenure or for one year thereafter.

Covered Persons include immediate family members of any employee or board member
of the Grantee. Covered Persons are ineligible to receive benefits through the Metro
Housing Trust Fund Competitive Grant program. Immediate family ties include (whether
by blood, marriage, or adoption) a spouse, parent (including stepparent), child (including
a stepbrother or stepsister), sister, brother, grandparent, grandchild, and in-laws of a
Covered Person.

D.6. Nondiscrimination. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person
shall be excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected
to discrimination in the performance of this Grant Contract or in the employment
practices of the Recipient on the grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion, sex,
national origin, or any other classification which is in violation of applicable laws. The
Recipient shall, upon request, show proof of such nondiscrimination and shall post in
conspicuous places, available to all employees and applicants, notices of
nondiscrimination.

D.7. Records. All documents relating in any manner whatsoever to the grant project, or any
designated portion thereof, which are in the possession of Recipient, or any subcontractor
of Recipient shall be made available to the Metropolitan Government for inspection and
copying upon written request by the Metropolitan Government. Furthermore, said
documents shall be made available, upon request by the Metropolitan Government, to any
state, federal or other regulatory authority and any such authority may review, inspect,
and copy such records. Said records include, but are not limited to, all drawings, plans,
specifications, submittals, correspondence, minutes, memoranda, tape recordings, videos
or other writings or things which document the grant project, its design, and its
construction. Said records expressly include those documents reflecting the cost of
construction, including all subcontracts and payroll records of Recipient.

Recipient shall maintain documentation for all funds provided under this grant contract.
The books, records, and documents of Recipient, insofar as they relate to funds
{IN0281585.1} 5
ARCHIVE


provided under this grant contract, shall be maintained for a period of three (3) full years
from the date of the final payment. The books, records, and documents of Recipient,
insofar as they relate to funds provided under this grant contract, shall be subject to
audit at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by Metro or its duly appointed
representatives. Records shall be maintained in accordance with the standards outlined
in the Metro Grants Manual. The financial statements shail be prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles.

D.8. Monitoring. The Recipient’s activities conducted, and records maintained pursuant to
this Grant Contract shall be subject to monitoring and evaluation by Metro or Metro’s
duly appointed representatives during the term of the contract and throughout the
affordability period. The Recipient shall make all audit, accounting, or financial records,
notes, and other documents pertinent to this grant available for review by the
Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability, Internal Audit or Metro’s representatives,
upon request, during normal working hours.

D.9. Reporting. Recipient will be required to provide annual progress reports no later than
July 15 of each year. The progress report should summarize activity that occurred during
the previous fiscal year (July 1 —- June 30). Said report shall be in a form provided by
Metro. In addition, Recipient shall submit a Close-out Expenditure and Narrative Report
as provided in section C.4 above detailing the outcome of the activities funded under
this Grant Contract.

D.10. Strict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist in any one or more cases upon the strict
performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement
shall not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of any such term, covenant,
condition, or provision. No term or condition of this Grant Contract shall be held to be
waived, modified, or deleted except by a written amendment by the appropriate parties
as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.

D.11. Insurance. The Recipient shall maintain adequate public liability and other appropriate
forms of insurance, including other appropriate forms of insurance on the Recipient's
employees, and to pay all applicable taxes incident to this Grant Contract.

D.12. Metro Liability. Metro shall have no liability except as specifically provided in this Grant
Contract.

D.13. Independent Contractor. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to
create a partnership or joint venture between the Recipient and Metro or to create the
relationship of principal and agent between or among the Recipient and Metro. The
Recipient shall not hold itself out in a manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph.
Metro shall not become liable for any representation, act, or omission of any other party
contrary to the terms of this paragraph.

D.14. Indemnification and Hold Harmless.

a. Recipient shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Metro, its officers, agents and
employees from any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees for
injuries or damages arising, in part or in whole, from the negligent or intentional
acts or omissions of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its
sub or independent contractors, in connection with the performance of the contract,

{NO281585.1) 6
ARCHIVE


and any claims, damages, penalties, costs, and attorney fees arising from any
failure of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or
independent contractors, to observe applicable laws, including, but not limited to,
labor laws and minimum wage laws.

b. Metro will not indemnify, defend, or hold harmless in any fashion the Recipient from
any claims, regardless of any language in any attachment or other document that
the Recipient may provide.

c. Recipient shall pay Metro any expenses incurred as a result of Recipient's failure to
fulfill any obligation in a professional and timely manner under this Contract.

d. Grantee’s duties under this section shall survive the termination or expiration of the
grant.

D.15. Force Majeure. The obligations of the parties to this Grant Contract are subject to
prevention by causes beyond the parties’ control that could not be avoided by the
exercise of due care including, but not limited to, acts of God, riots, wars, strikes,
epidemics, or any other similar cause.

D.16. State, Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with all applicable
federal, state, and local laws and regulations in the performance of this Grant Contract.

D.17. Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction, and effect of this Grant
Contract and any and all extensions and/or modifications thereof shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The venue
for legal action concerning this Grant Contract shall be in the courts of Davidson
County, Tennessee.

D.18. Attorney Fees. Recipient agrees that, in the event either party deems it necessary to
take legal action to enforce any provision of the Grant Contract, and in the event Metro
prevails, Recipient shall pay all expenses of such action including Metro’s attorney fees
and costs at all stages of the litigation.

D.19. Completeness. This Grant Contract is complete and contains the entire understanding
between the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein, including all the
terms and conditions of the parties’ agreement. This Grant Contract supersedes any and
all prior understandings, representations, negotiations, and agreements between the
parties relating hereto, whether written or oral.

D.20. Headings. Section headings are for reference purposes only and shall not be construed
as part of this Grant Contract.

D.21. Licensure. The Recipient and its employees and all sub-grantees shall be licensed
pursuant to all applicable federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, rules, and
regulations and shall upon request provide proof of all licenses. Recipient will obtain all
permits, licenses, and permissions necessary for the grant project.

D.22. Waiver. No waiver of any provision of this contract shall affect the right of any party
thereafter to enforce such provision or to exercise any right or remedy available to it in
the event of any other default.

{INO281585.1) a


D.23. Inspection. The Grantee agrees to permit inspection of the project and/or services
provided for herein, without any charge, by members of the Grantor and its
representatives.

D.24. Assignment—Consent Required. The provisions of this contract shall inure to the benefit
of and shall be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties
hereto. Except for the rights of money due to Recipient under this contract, neither this
contract nor any of the rights and obligations of Recipient hereunder shall be assigned or
transferred in whole or in part without the prior written consent of Metro. Any such
assignment or transfer shall not release Recipient from its obligations hereunder. Notice
of assignment of any rights to money due to Recipient under this Contract must be sent
to the attention of the Metro Department of Finance.

D.25. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to
offer, give or agree to give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or
former employee to solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a
gratuity or an offer of employment in connection with any decision, approval,
disapproval, recommendation, preparations of any part of a program requirement or a
purchase request, influencing the content of any specification or procurement standard,
rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any other advisory capacity in any
proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or controversy in any
proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or controversy or other
particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or subcontract or
to any solicitation or proposal therefore. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any
payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor
under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or a person
associated therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach
of the provisions of this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of
ethical standards which may result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or
suspension from participation in Metropolitan Government contracts.

D.26. Communications and Contacts. All instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other
communications from the Recipient required or contemplated by this Grant Contract
shall be in writing and shall be made by facsimile transmission, email, or by first class
mail, addressed to the respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or address
as set forth below or to such other party, facsimile number, or address as may be
hereafter specified by written notice.

Metro:
Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission / Barnes Housing Trust Fund
Planning Department — Housing Division
PO Box 196300
Nashville, TN 37219
BarnesFund@nashville.gov
(NO281585.1} 8
ARCHIVE


Recipient:

The Housing Fund

Marshall Crawford, Executive Director

1009 Gallatin Pike South

Madison, TN 37115

615-780-7000

mcrawford@thehousingfund.org

D.27. Lobbying. The Recipient certifies, to the best of its knowledge and belief, that:

a. No federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid, by or on behalf of
the Recipient, to any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or
employee of any agency, a Member of Congress in connection with the awarding of
any federal contract, the making of any federal grant, the making of any federal
loan, and entering into of any cooperative agreement, and the extension,
continuation, renewal, amendment, or modification of any federal contract, grant,
loan, or cooperative agreement.

b. If any funds other than federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid to
any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any
agency, a Member of Congress, an officer or employee of Congress, or an
employee of a Member of Congress in connection with this grant, loan, or
cooperative agreement; the Recipient shall complete and submit Standard Form-
LLL, “Disclosure Form to Report Lobbying,” in accordance with its instructions.

c. The Recipient shall require that the language of this certification be included in
the award documents for all sub-awards at all tiers (including sub-grants,
subcontracts, and contracts under grants, loans, and cooperative agreements)
and that all subcontractors of federally appropriated funds shall certify and
disclose accordingly.

D.28. Effective Date. This contract shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed
first by the Recipient and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan
Government and has been filed in the office of the Metropolitan Clerk. When it has been
so signed and filed, this contract shall be effective as of the date first written above.

{N0281585.1} 9
ARCHIVE


(THIS PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK)
{N0281585.1} 10
ARCHIVE


THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF RECIPIENT: : ; .
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY: f ‘Yt —
APPROVED AS TO PROGRAM SCOPE: _ The Housing Fung i, iin
Petar Westerhole By: M LE. ¢, )
Peter Westerhalm (Aug 26, 2024 11:42 CDT) By: MaRsHrtL. E RhwhFoRD t 2.
 “BeterWesterhoim, Chair Title: oo,
Metropolitan Trust Fund Commission fecwrdewsy ; 4 Cb
Sworn to and subscribed to befpre me a
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF ‘Notary Public, this), Gl-day of Keusk.
FUNDS: 2024.
Kevin Crumbo, Director [Notary Public seal]
Department of Fi Wt Mtiee,,
jepal of Finance r NR, Ben
RRS eR IO
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY: Fy STATE “ee
= { TENNESSEE $ =
ey ge NOTAKY | F
Assistant Metropolitan Attorney Oye, PUBLIC seks
tee eons ae
“a MERN oe
APPROVED AS TO RISKAND casas
INSURANCE:
, Notary Public
Director of Risk Management Services f fs }
sAnatla, 4 Dye,
APPROVED BY METROPOLITAN My Commission expires bl ] ila 1
GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND
we COUNTY:
Freddie :O'Conne ~ ~ °
: Metropolitan County Mayor
Date SEP 19 ‘20u4 nm
Al } VA nal
fe (Ath be Septemlo. L¥
ATTEST this ihe. re +2024
By. . / Vu’ '
Metropolitan Cle
(No2et525 1 11


ATTACHMENT A
Barnes Housing Trust Fund Scope of Work
Funding Round Number: 13
Organization Name: The Housing Fund
Project Location: Various addresses TBD
Project Type: Homeowner Rehab
Grant Award: $500,000
Metro Property Award: N/A”
Total Number, of Units: 85°
Total Number of Barnes Fund Units by Income Target:
= 30% AMI 31-60% AMI 61-80% AMI | sTotalid
Cs i a ee ae ioe
Project Summary:
The Housing Fund will complete owner-occupied home rehabilitation projects to help preserve healthy and
affordable housing. This program will serve individuals at or below 80% of the Area Median Income and
work to address health and safety issues, as well as other environmental concerns. THF's existing base of
mortgage clients in Davidson County, whose income is below 80% AMI will be targeted in an effort to
preserve these existing affordable units. [Homes to be rehabbed by R13 money have not received previous
Barnes awards.]


ATTACHMENT B
67
Barnes Housing Trust Fund Grant Budget
ARCHIVE


ARCHIVE


1009 Gallatin Pike South
Madison TN 37115 | 615.780.7000
www.TheHousingFund.org
THE HOUSING FUND
Barnes Fund Round 13 | Owner-Occupied Rehab
Projected budget for THF’s Asset Protection / Home Rehab
program for current+former THF mortgage clients:
Barnes Fund (requested) - $500,000
THF capital investment - $500,000
Philanthropic donation (private citizen) - $100,000
TOTAL: $1,100,000
Projected average single-family property investment: $13,000
..for a total of 85 units rehabilitated.


ARCHIVE


This budget reflects expected costs; These projected costs may not be exact for
Projected Renovation Budget- The each renovation project we complete through this program. We anticipate
Housing Fund homeowners who need one or two renovation projects as opposed to total
home overalls.
Disposal/Demo/remove old roof/prep
Debris $ 2,100.00
Re-frame reframe parts of the attic spaces that are damaged $ 2,400.00
Sheeting re-sheet damaged area and secure all panels $ 750.00
New roof 3 stabe shingles $ 4,900.00
Replace/repair shutters one slit and one shutter $ 300.00 -
Repair broken windows 8 broken glass windows and missing screens $ 2,500.00
Gutters/facia/soffit replace $ 2,100.00
Drywall replace and repair 3 rooms $ 2,100.00
Electrical service S 250.00
Paint exterior paint and stain $ 6,000.00
Paint Interior paint $ 3,200.00
HVAC duct cleaning $ 900.00
HVAC reset current unit, secure duct work $ 250.00
Countertops replacing and upgrading countertops $ 3,500.00
Lighting fixing and upgrading lighting $ 4,500.00
Insulation New insulation in attic $ 2,800.00
Exterior doors replacing exterior doors $ 2,500.00
ARCHIVE


ARCHIVE


ATTACHMENT C
ee
Barnes Housing Trust Fund Draw Schedule
The following percentages are based on the Barnes Fund grant award.
Draw# %ofGrant Milestone
1 25% Pre-construction expenses at execution of home assessment and
scope of work.
2+ 70% Monthly reimbursement as work progresses.
Final 5% Upon receipt of Final Use & Occupancy letter from Metro Codes*/
documentation that the project is completed.
*If a U&O permit is not required, grantee must provide documentation from Metro Codes stating such.
Note: All draw requests except the 1° and Final must be inspected by a third-party inspector contracted
with Metro prior to the release of funds. All draw requests require documentation and are paid on a
reimbursable basis.


ATTACHMENT D
é hud 3
Required Documents
The following are required items pursuant to Metropolitan Code 5.04.070:
1. A copy of the nonprofit’s corporate charter or other articles, constitution, bylaws, or instruments of
organization;
2. A copy of a letter from the Internal Revenue Service evidencing the fact that the organization is a
nonprofit, tax-exempt organization under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended;
3. A statement of the nature and extent of the organization's program that serves the residents of the
metropolitan government;
4. The proposed use of the funds to be provided by the metropolitan government (See Attachment A);
5. The proposed budget of the organization, indicating all sources of funds and a line-item
identification of the proposed expenditure of metropolitan government funds (See Attachment B);
6. A copy of the nonprofit’s annual audit or other required financial documentation described in Metro
Code subsection 5.04.070(E).


IRB ENO. Division of Business Services
i = =) Department of State
yy sae Ede State of Tennessee
STE 312 Rosa L. Parks AVE, 6th FL
a saal Nashville, TN 37243-1102
Tre Hargett —_
_Bocretary of Sgt ————
THE HOUSING FUND
305 11TH AVE S
NASHVILLE, TN 37203-4003
Request Type: Certified Copies Issuance Date: 12/20/2019
Request #: 343610 Copies Requested: 1
DocumentRecelpt = = |
Receipt #: 005159466 Filing Fee: $20.00
Payment-Check/MO - MARSHALL E CRAWFORD, ALPHARETTA, GA $20.00
|, Tre Hargett, Secretary of State of the State of Tennessee, do hereby certify that THE HOUSING FUND, INC.,
Control # 308485 was formed or qualified to do business in the State of Tennessee on 03/05/1996. THE HOUSING
FUND, INC. has a home jurisdiction of TENNESSEE and is currently in an Active status. The attached documents
are true and correct copies and were filed in this office on the date(s) indicated below.
co
Tre Hargett
Secretary of State
Processed By: Michelle Holloway
The attached document(s) was/were filed in this office on the date(s) indicated below:
Reference # Date Filed Filing Description
3129-1107 03/05/1996 Initial Filing
3765-1638 11/16/1999 Arnended and Resteited Formation Documents
5311-0511 42/30/2004 2004 Annual Report (Due 01/01/2005)
5498-0329 07/06/2005 Arnended and Resteited Formation Documents
A0146-0716 41/26/2012 2012 Annual Report (Due 01/01/2013)
A0205-1833 12/17/2013 2013 Annual Report (Due 01/01/2014)
B0328-4787 12/30/2016 2016 Annual Report (Due 01/01/2017)
B0735-7363 07/17/2019 Assumed Name
BO787-7829 12/10/2019 2019 Annual Report (Due 01/01/2020)
Phone (615) 741-6488 * Fax (615) 741-7310 * Website: http://tnbear.tn.gov/
Page 1 of 1


Hl Or ce a Pd
ve RECEIVED
SEATE CF TORCESc eg
95 WAR 5 PAI 1 CHARTER
RIEY panier y OF
Sey oP Sate NASHVILLE HOUSING FUND, INC,

The undersigned person, having capacity to contract and acting as the incorporator
of a corporation under the Tennessee Nonprofit Corporation Act, as amended, adopts the
following charter for such corporation:

1, The name of the corporation is Nashville Housing Fund, Inc.

2, The corporation is a public benefit corporation.

3, The street address, zip code and county of the initial registered office of
the corporation in the State of Tennessee and the registered agent of the corporation, located at
the registered office is as follows:

Davis H. Carr, Esq.
414 Union Street, Suite 1600
; Nashville, Davidson County, Tennessee 37219

4. The street address and zip code of the principal office of the corporation
shall be 701 South Sixth Street, Nashville, TN 37206.

; 5. The name, street address and zip code of the incorporator is Davis H.
Carr, Esq., 414 Union Street, Suite 1600, Nashville, Davidson County, Tennessee 37219.

6. The corporation is not for profit.

7, The corporation will not have members.

8. The business affairs of this corporation shall be governed by a board of

: directors, the number, terms, and the members of which shall be determined by Metropolitan
Development and Housing Agency (“MDHA”), a public housing authority organized pursuant
to the terms of T.C.A. 13-20-101 ef seq

9, The purposes for which the corporation is organized are as follows:
(a) To acquire funds from governmental entities and agencies, including but
not limited to The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County,
0342750.01
1063258-000 03/04/96


eethcm tat hel LORS
esa aE CEIY! (Tennessee ("Metro") and MDHA, and from non-governmental entities and
Siti C* T°! tindividuals, through gifts, grants, loans, or otherwise;
96 MARS PHI: 1h
REY TS oece
SCR ify SAIC
(b) ° To acquire, lease, or obtain easements over real property, improved or
unimproved, and personal property, from governmental entities and agencies,
including but not limited to Metro and MDHA, and from non-governmental
entities and individuals, through gifis, grants, purchases, exchanges, or otherwise;
(c) To make loans, grants, gifts, or payments of any kind to owners,
developers, lessors, lessees, occupants, lenders, or others to induce them to or
assist them in: (i) providing decent, safe, and sanitary housing to low and
moderate income citizens of Nashville-Davidson County; or (ii) developing or
redeveloping neighborhoods and commercial areas of the city in order to prevent
L or eliminate blighting influences;
(d) To sell, tease, give or grant easements over real or personal property to
owners, developers, lessors, lessees, occupants, lenders, or others to induce them
to or assist them in: (i) providing decent, safe, and sanitary housing to low and
moderate income citizens of Nashyille-Davidson County; or, (ii) developing or
; redeveloping neighborhoods and commercial areas of the city in order to prevent
or eliminate blighting influences;
(ec)  Toown, operate or manage real property, improved or unimproved, and
personal property, in order to: (i) provide decent, safe, and sanitary housing to
low and moderate income citizens of Nashville-Davidson County; or (ii) develop
or redevelop neighborhoods and commercial areas of the city in order to prevent
, or eliminate blighting influences; and
() —Toeffectuate such purposes as the Board of Directors may, from time to
time deem appropriate.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this charter, the purposes for which this corporation is
organized are exclusively religious, charitable, scientific, literary or educational within the
meaning of section 501 (c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”), or the
corresponding provision of any future United States Internal Revenue law and this corporation
shall not carry on any activities not permitted to be carried on by an organization exempt from
Federal income tax under section 501 (c)(3) of the Code or the corresponding provision of any
future United States Internal Revenue law,

10, Upon dissolution of the corporation, assets shall be distributed for one or
more exempt purposes within the meaning of section 501 (c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code
0312750.01
063258-000 03/04/96


es Pa | Vole
of 1986, or sceeganeins section of any future Federal tax code, or shall be distributed to the
Federals gc Leora for a public purpose. Any such assets not so disposed of
shall bé dispised"of by*a’cdurt of competent jurisdiction, in the county in which the principal
office Of Nhe eporayign, ig hen located, exclusively for such purposes.
AILEY Tesi Np amendment to this charter or the bylaws of the corporation shall be
effectivelifniess such dniéidment is made by or approved in writing by MDHA,
Davis H. Carr, Incorporator
March 4, 1996
0312780.01
063258-000 03/04/96
PRGH IVE


Sa ‘ awesome EN wm oy oe yp pate : , ae Te
Coat ON
«A a
coo FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED CHARTER
: = al OF
NASHVILLE HOUSING FUND, INC.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 48-60-101 and Section 48-60-106 of the
Tennessee Nonprofit Corporation Act, as amended front time to time (hereinafter referred to as j
: the “Act"), the corporation adopts and files the following Amended and Restated Charter (the !
j “Charter”) which shall supersede the original charter and all prior amendments thereto, the text
of which is amended and restated as follows:
1. The name of the corporation is Nashville Housing Fund. Ine.
Js The corporation is a public benetit corporation.
3: The street address, zip code and county of the initial registered office af the
corporation in the State of Tennessee and the registered agent of the corporation, located at the !
: registered office is as follows:
Davis H. Carr, Esq.
414 Union Street, Suite 1600
Nashville, Davidson County, Tennessee 37219
4. The street address and zip code of the principal office of the corporation
shall be 806 South Sixth Street, Nashville, TN 37206,
3, The name, street address and zip code of the incorporator is Davis H. Carr,
Esy.,. 414 Union Street, Suite 1600, Nashville, Davidson County, Tennessee 37219.
6. ‘The corporation is not for profit,
7. The corporation will not have members.
8. The business affairs of this corporation shall be governed by a board of
directors, The number of directors shall be at least three (3) but no greater than twenty-three (23),
Each director shall hold office for two years and until his successor is elected and qualified, or
until his earlier resignation, removal from office, or death, Election of directors shull be
according to such procedures as are provided in the Bylaws of the corporation, provided that at
(Osts9 |
06325K-000 11/1699
r Ld


es sees IB vee s ee ees - cee sep we hay on we cece ee
least one (1) director must be an individual who lives in an Investment Area served by NHF or
Who is a member of a Targeted Population served by NHF. “Investment Area” and “Targeted
Population” shall have the meanings given to those terms in Part 1805 of Title 12 of the Code of
Federal Regulations, © %:
9. The purposes for which the corporation is organized are as follows:
(a) To acquire funds from governmental entities and agencies. including but not
limited to The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County,
Tennessee ("Metro") and MDHA, and from non-governmental entities and
: individuals, through gifts. grants. loans, or otherwise: i
(by To aequire, lease. or obtiin casements over real property, improved or
unimproved, and personal property, from governmental entities and agencies.
including but not limited to Metro and MDITA, and from non-governmental entities
and individuals, through gifls, grants, purchases, exchanges, or otherwise:
(c) To make Joans, invesuments, grants, gills, or payments of any kind to
owners, developers, lessors. lessees, occupants, lenders, av others to induce them
lo or assist them in: (i) providing decent, sale. and sanitary housing to low and
moderate income citizens of Nashville-Davidson County: or (ii) developing or f
| redeveloping neighborhouds and commercial areas of the city in order to prevent
or eliminate blighting influences: ‘
WW) To sell. lease, give or grant casements over real or persanal property to
owners, developers, lessors, lessees, occupants, lenders, or others to induce thent
to or assist them in: (i) providing decent, sale, and sanitary housing to low and
moderate income citizens of Nashville-Davidson County: or, (i) developing or
redeveloping neighborhoods and commercial areas of the city in order to prevent
or climinate blighting influences:
(ey) To own, operate or manage real property, improved or unimproved, and
personal property, in order to: (i) provide decent, safe, and sanitary housing to low
; und moderate income citizens of Nashville-Davidson County; or (i) develop or
redevelop neighborhoods and commercial areas of the city in order to prevent or
eliminate blighting influences: and
(1) To effectuate such purposes as the Board of Directors may, from time to
time deem appropriate. .
Notwithstanding any other provision of this charter, the purposes for which this corporation is
organized are exclusively religious, charitable, scientific, literary or educational within the
(05149 1
OOISRAND hwy?
- AD aa* E


.
ppancesetan| eave 8 ek ee poet ets er ee er,
meaning of section 501 (c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code™), or the
corresponding provision of any future United States Imernal Revenue law and_ this corporation
shall not carry on any activities not permitted to be carried on by an organization exempt from
Federal incoie tax under section 501 (c)(3) of the Code or the corresponding provision of any
_. future United States Internal Revenue law.
10. Upon dissolution of the corporation, assets shall be distributed for one or
More exempt purposes within the meaning of section 501 (c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, or corresponding section of any future Federal tax code. or shall be distributed to the
Federal, state or local government for a public purpose. Any such assets not so disposed of shall
be disposed of by a court of competent jurisdiction, in the county in which the principal office of 3
: the corporation is then located, exclusively for such purposes,
Loret Owens, Executive Director
November 16, 1999
GayS149 L
OOIISA-OO) 111099
ay. TV E


a a ae ss , i VSGORE, Haws Zod, HERS LE as cena
CERTIFICATE OF NASHVILLE HOUSING FUND, INC.
CONCERNING ITS AMENDED AND RESTATED CHARTER
~ Purstéint to the provisions of Section 48-60-106(h) of the Tennessee Nonprofit
Corporation Act, Nashville Housing Fund, Inc. (the "Corporation”) certifies as follows:

l. The Amended and Restated Charter of the Corporation to which this
Certificate is attached contains amendments that require the written
approval of Metropolitan Development and Housing Agency, an
instrumentiity of the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson }
County, ‘Tennessee CMDHA"). in addition to the board of directors of the
Corporation, t

2, The amendments contained in the Amended and Restated Charter have been
approved in writing by MDILA by means of a certified resolution dated
November 15, 1999,

3. The Amended and Restated Charter was duly adopted ata meeting of the
hoard of directors of the Corporation held on November 16. 1999,

4. The Amended and Restated Charter shall be effective when filed by the ‘
Seeretary af Ste.

Dated this loth day of November, 1999,

NASHVILLE HOUSING FUND, INC.
By: Haat Outs.
Zoretta Owens, Executive Director
(M9LIYS.O1
OSKOLO-OOL 116 00
KRCHIVE


CNR GsRT ON PTTARI NSER HR R aU MEUTM eT E
PESE SPE SRE Pros sealed pe Sor hater ae emt apes arte Sins ae Cetin atin AI RGe eS meme |g Vemma tace nan cE
WERT SP obo Sones CORPORATIONS ORT crc - <Plessé ratuimbsompletad tormitor.’- |":
iiss [eghtarett as Lhe abanapteelt: wate MANUAL AE ATi S35. “EAINESSEE SECRETARY OF STATE’ | |
** 1 Anniial Report Filing Fee Que; ee vs : Ate Aenaa Papen pk eh
pe he pramunad rlrt hie vera he ee pate pins se, He sind
“$40, Many ch bi tha -Witllam R. Spdgrass f
; $40, ra anges aro #6t0 ; raglsterad agonVotiog . cms
> | CORREO MOHTH Is = TisREPORTISDUEONORBEFORE 0/01/09 :
i) scncuwoFStaTecOMMOLNUWGERgageags |
. . (2A) NAME AND MAILING ADDRESS OF CORPORATION: ~ (2B) STATE OR COUNTRY OF INCORAO $
ats Sal INC. 7 _ TENNESSEE . 3
NASHVILLE, 34206— (20) ADD OR CHANGE MAILING ADUAGSS: =~
———s | 205 [th Avenue South
“31203
D: _ 03/05/1996 NON PROFIT :
(A. PRNGIPAL ADORESS INCLUDING GITY, STATE, ZIP CODE:
806 SOUTH SIXTH ST, NASHVILLE, IN 37206
8. CHANGE OF PRINCIPAL ADDRESS:
STREET , ciry STATE ZIPCODE +4
405 It Avenue South —._ Nashville TN -| 87203-4003
(@) NAVE AND BUSINESS ADDRESS, INCLUDING ZP CODE, OF THE PRESIDENT, SECRETARY AND OTHER PRINCIPAL OFFICERS,
(ATTACH ADDITIONAL SHEET IF NECEBSARY.) :
ms Waue BUSINERS ADOAESS: GMTV, STATE, AP COOU + 4
sion Davicl Thibodeau 1B Greeley Drive: Nashville TN 37205
econmay Margaret Behnn 306 Gay Street, Suite 400, Nashville, TN 37201
(©) BOARD OF DIRECTORS (NAMES, BUSINESS ADDRESS INCLUDING Z)P CODE), TATTACH ADOTTONAL GHEET F NECESSARY) D samaspoove [) XONE
OnUSTID BELOW). NAME E BUSINESS ADDRESS. CATV, STATE, 20P COOK +4
See_Atached i :
ES a a em ¢ (2)
. ‘ 5 ‘ ms mans : #
Mi & a 4
{0 A NAME OF REGISTERED AGENT AS APPEARS ON GECAETARY OF GTATE RECOROB; cial ~~ ey Hed ,
DAVIS H. CARR, :fSQ. pa Se |
D, REGISTERED ADDRESS AS APPEAR ON BECRETARY OF STATE RECORDS: of; am. a
414 UNION ST, 81600, SUITE 1600, NASHVILLE, TN 37219 = “aly Be inn
0, INDICATE RELOW ANY CHANGES TO THE REGISTERED AGENT NAME ANDIOR REGISTERED OFFICE, oe iw ME
: Soon
fh. SHANGE OF AcoISTEUD AnH: ths
P 00, CHANGE OF RECISTERED OFFICE : j
SIRERT ay STATS 2P Cook + 4 County
TH A
(A THISBOX APPLIES ONLY TO NONPROFIT CORPORATIONS, QUA RECORDS REFLECT THAT YOUR NONPROFTT CORPORATION ISA PUBLIC BENEFITORA
MAJTUAL BENEFIT CORPORATION Aa INDICATED: IF BLANK OR INCORRECT, PLEASE CHECK APPROPRIATE BOX: O pusuc
! . 0 MUTUAL
PUBLIC ;
8, IFATENNESSEE RELIGIOUS CORPORATION, PLEASE CHECK BOX IF BLANK, O Agucious ‘ :
-} tm equarune ale ' (0) DATE
om, C. Qwtve~ (2/29 200 j
CRIBS owes SEER er
3 : Loretta C. Owens - Executive Diregtor —- es
@ ; _. > ¥* THIS REPORT MUST BE DATED AND SIGNED** —— ee
i seaiindesny =| CONTINUED ON BACK ee ee


2 Re PAS EPR CEN RELIST ESSE TEES Oa ae
is cseibiahas Sa ae ah ee Maharey toe, € Spot ete yee ant Saeges ae VEU E a REAR Se PURE Ty NR a agh oe ay
ee" 3." Nashville Housing Fund Board of Direetorsas.pf MOA Se
= a og - Commiitea ‘Af fllatlon - : ‘ ‘+. | Representation su, .
~ "| David Thibodeau) Chair Reilrod, Executive Chalr, Tennessco Minority P
P.O, Box 305110 Vice President, Supplicr Development * - ‘i é :
Nashville, Tennestce 37230 “| SunTrust Dank Council _- :
Melvin Biack = + | WicoChair, = _* | Retired; Metro Past member, Metro Council i Se
TAT Work Drive Program & teacher and coach é -
[a eel cana BS le
a Margaret Behm Seeretary- Aitomey, Dodson, ~ | Board member, Federal. ’
306 Gay Street, Suite 400 | Treasurer, Fisance | Parker, Dinkins snd | Home Loan Bank of: :
Nashville, Tennessee 37201 | &Avlit Comm — | pehm ___| Cincinnati
[i = ool oil Pc
$11 Unlon Street, Sulte 1610 | Finance & Audit | Member of Metro
Nashvillo, Tennessee 37219 | Cammitteo Council r
Gerald F, Nicely Director, Commissioner, Gourd memiber, Frist Center
505 Doaderick Sirvet, Sue 700 | Financo d& Audit | Tennessee Dept. of — | for the Visual Arts .
Nashvillo, Tennessse 37243 | Commitice Transporations
ao
212 WooBake Drive Vrvgram and President of Middlo Tennessee °
Gallatin, Tennessce 37211 | Marketing Comm. | Dell Computer
Sam Coleman Director, ‘Atiorncy, TN Dept of Represenis growth
4037 Pepperwood Drive | Program and Family and Children asca for affordablo
Antioch, Tennessco 37023 | Markeling Comm. rear Metro Council housing :
Heth S. Courtney Director, President, Nashville Arca Chamber of
114.30" Avenue South Program and Seigenthalet Public | Commerce 7
Nashville, Tennessee 37212 | Marketing Relations :
Committee
Patrica Davis Director, Development Board of Directors of tha :
203 SheMicld Place Program and Director, YWCA. Women's Fund - .
Nashville, Tentiessoo 37215 | Marketing :
Cummiitco
Chris Ferrell Disector, Quer of Internet Past member, Metro :
90$ Tower Place Financo & Audit | marketing firm Council A
Nashville, Tennessee 37204 | Committee
Rov, Mary K. “Kaki” Directoy, Program Officer, Former Executive Director,
. Pritkice- Warren Hrogram and Middlo ‘Tennessee | Renewal Huuse
1719 Holly Streat Murketing Comnuwnity
Neshvillo, Tennessee 37206 | Commlttce Foundation
Tony Heard Director, Regional President, | Chair, !ousing Conmitteo, 3
10 4 Avenue South Finunco & Audit | US Bank Nashvillo Area Chamber of ”
Nashvillo, ‘Tennessee 37219 | Committee Commerce
Hits James Direotor, Represeataliwy of 1
428 Stor Divi. Program & target population .
Madison, Tennesseo 37115_| Markeilng Cumm. .
coy Jessica LoVoon ~ Director, Community Affairs - | Woodbing Community Representative of org,
2739 Linmar Avenue Program and Oficer, Feueral Organization, Board of thal serves targel 8
Nashville, Tennesse 37215 eine Reserve Bank Directors population ;
c taj :
Lindo Pileum Director, Community President, Nashville Junior
9427 Gentlewind Drive Program and Volunteer League
Bentwood, Tennersee Marketing ‘
3707 Committers .
Phil Ryan Director, Executive Director, | North Nashville Representative of org,
701 South Sixth Strev Financo & Audit | Metropolitan Community Dovolopment | that serves target
Nashville, Tennessee 37206 | Committee Dovelopment and’ Corporation, Board population
Housing Agency -__| Member :
Bugene ToSelle Director, Relired Professur, Hoard member, Affordable | Representative of org.
2007 Linden Avenue Program and Divinity School of Housing Resources thal serves farget
Nashville, ‘Tennessee 37212 a Vanderbilt University population .
oo : ,
Steve Tuer Director, Daveloper/owner of | Cumberland Region e
138 2" Avenue North 1300 | Finance & Audit | Butler's Run LC | Tomorrow, Board Member .
Nushvillo, Tennesse 37201 | Commitee ’ . :
Blahop Joseph W. Walker | Director, Pastor, Aft. Zlon » °
7594 Old Hickory Biv, Program and Dopiist Church. oe
Whites Creek, TN 37189 | Marketing ; : -
Cast Geamaeine STA eee, Pad ese y FP PR Fe MS se A Le Ae? SPER PE EG FARC VE


We he SOS top re in
ssaapemeiyse
gfaae 7!
i rol
2005 JUL 6 AN 10: 39
Sted ee eaRT TS Te
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CHARTER
OF
NASHVILLE HOUSING FUND, INC,

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 48-60-101 and Section 48-60-106 of the
Tennessce Nonprofit Corporation Act, as amended from time to time (hereinafter referred to as
the “Act”), Nashville Housing Fund, Inc. (the “corporation”) adopts and files the following
Amended and Restated Charter (the “Charter") which shall supersede the original charter and all
prior amendments thereto, the text of which is amended and restated as follows:

!, The name of the corporation is The Housing Fund, Inc.

2. The corporation is a public benefit corporation,

3, The street address, zip code and county of the initial registered office of
the corporation in the State of Tennessee and the registered agent of the corporation, located at
the registered office is as follows:

Loretta Owens
305 11" Avenue South
Nashville, Davidson County, Tennessee 37203

4, The street address and zip code of the principal office of the corporation
shall be 305 11" Avenue South, Nashville, Davidson County, Tennessee 37203,

5: The name, street uddress and zip code of the incorporator is Davis H, Carr,
Esq., 1600 Division Street, Ste. 700, Nashville, Davidson County, ‘Tennessee 37203.

6. The corporation is not for profit.

7, ‘The corporation will not have members.

8. The business wffairs of this corporation shall be governed by a board of
Jirectors. The number of directors shall be at feast three (3) but no greater than twenty-three -
(23). Each director shall hold office for two yeurs and until his successor is elected and
qualified, or until his earlier resignation, removal from office, or death, Election of directors
shall be according to such procedures as ure provided in the Bylaws of the corporation, provided .
CAs?
063258-000 07/0505


j habitat itt od.
eo ie a i Pt
that at least one (1) director must be an individual who lives in an Investment Area served by the
corporation or who is a member of a Targeted Population served by the corporation.
“Investment Arca" and “Targeted Population” shall have the meanings given to those terms in
Part 1805 of Title 12 of the Code of Federal Regulations.
9. The purposes for which the corporation is organized are as follows:
(a) — To acquire funds from governmental entities and agencies and from non-
governmental entities and individuals, through gifts, grants, loans, or otherwise;
(b) To acquire, lease, or obtain easements over real property, improved or
unimproved, and personal property and from non-governmental entities and
individuals, through gifts, grants, purchases, exchanges, or otherwise;
(c) To make loans, investments, grants, gifts, or payments of any kind to
owners, developers, lessors, lessees, occupants, lenders, or others to induce them
to or assist them in: (i) providing decent, safe, and sanilary housing to low and
moderate income individuals and families; or (ji) developing or redeveloping
neighborhoods and commercial areas in order to prevent or eliminate blighting
influences;
(d) —- To sell, lease, give or grant easements over real or personal property to
owners, developers, lessors, lessees, occupants, lenders, or others to induce them
(o of assist them in: (i) providing decent, safe, and sanitary housing to low and
moderate income individuals and families; or (ii) developing or redeveloping
ueighborhoods and commercial areas in order to prevent or eliminate blighting
influences;
(c) To own, operate or manage real property, improved or unimproved, and
. personal property, in order to; (i) provide decent, safe, and sanitary housing to low
and moderate income individuals and families; or (ii) develop or redevelop
neighborhoods and commercial areas in order to prevent or eliminate blighting
influences; and
(f) ‘To effectuate such purposes as the Board of Directors may, from time to
time deem appropriate,
Notwithstanding any other provision of this charter, the purposes for which this corporation is
organized are exclusively religious, churitable, scientific, literary or educational within the
meaning of section 50! (c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”), or the
corresponding provision of any future United States Internal Revenue law and this corporation
shall not carry on any activities not permitted to be carried on by an organization exempt from
Federal income tax under section 501 (c)(3) of the Code or the corresponding provision of any
future United States Internal Revenue law.
COSIAQ2
063258-000 U7IAIS


a: i i St St wh net
oh “sh Me (eet eae
10. Upon dissolution of the corporation, assets shall be distributed for one or
more exempt purposes within the meaning of section 501 (c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, or corresponding section of any future Federal tax code, or shall be distributed to the
Federal, state or locul government for a public purpose. Any such assets not so disposed of shall
be disposed of by a court of competent jurisdiction, in the county in which the principal office of
the corporation is then located, exclusively for such purposes.
Loretta Owens, Executive Director
July 1, 2005
(5142 .
063258-000 07/01/05


Pare Tennessee Corporation Annual Report Form AR Filing #: 03222081
er ca at . . FILED: Nov 26, 2012 4:53PM
a File online at: http://TNBear.TN.gov/AR

egUiee” =~ Due on/Before: 01/01/2013 Reporting Year: 2012

eee

$20 if no changes are made in block 3 to the registered agent/office, or your records.
$40 if any changes are made in block 3 to the registered agent/office CC Payment Ref #: 147856764

SOS Control Number: 308485
Corporation Non-Profit - Domestic Date Formed: 03/05/1996 Formation Locale: TENNESSEE
Se eee eee ————————————E—E
(1) Name and Mailing Address: (2) Principal Office Address:
THE HOUSING FUND, INC. 305 11TH AVE S
305 11TH AVE S NASHVILLE, TN 37203-4003

NASHVILLE, TN 37203-4003

FA
-smunteyepeeeen eg
(3) Registered Agent (RA) and Registered Office (RO) Address: Agent Changed: No_ *
LORETTA OWENS Agent County: DAVIDSON COUNTY 8
305 11TH AVE S &
NASHVILLE, TN 37203-4003 S
a

a Niet ae
(4) Name and business address (with zip code) of the President, Secretary and other principal officers.

Secretary _____|Jo Anne Corbi 300 BROADWAY
Loretta Owens
[President Kerth Miles
[ a
(5) Board of Directors names and business address (with zip code). (___ None )

City, State, Zip

NASHVILLE, TN 37224

Latrisha Jemison 315 DEADERICK STREET NASHVILLE, TN 37238

lan Reynolds 7 “|213TRUETLAND STREET ~ NASHVILLE, TN 37207,

Jim Sauerwein 102 WOODMONT BLVD, SUITE 500 NASHVILLE, TN 37205

Jo Anne Corbitt 300 Broadway Nashville, TN 37201

Paul Demastus 5250 Virginia Way Brentwood, TN 37024

EmieFelts ~~" }4244 Murfreesboro Rd, Suite 110 Franklin, TN 37604

Chris Ferrell 210 12th Avenue South #100 Nashville, TN 37203

Chris Phillips 511 Union Street, Suite 2700 Nashville, TN 37219

Jessica LeVeen Farr 301 Rosa Parks Blvd Nashville, TN 37203

Fabian Bedne _— 6649 SUGAR VALLEY DRIVE NASHVILLE, TN 37211

David Briley 511 Union Street, Suite 1600 Nashville, TN 37219

William Buchanan 1203 9th Avenue North Nashville, TN 37208

Erik Cole 50 Vantage Way, Suite 250 Nashville, TN 37728

Ron Crutcher 1324 Adams Street Franklin, TN 37064

Mary K Friskics-Warren 95 White Bridge Road Nashville, TN 37205

SS-4444 RDA 1678

ARCHIVE


Kelvin Jones 800 BROADWAY, SUITE 200 NASHVILLE, TN 37203
Doug Lesky 4535 Harding Road, Suite 110 Nashville, TN 37205 ‘
Keith Miles 611 Commerce Street, Suite 2800 Nashville, TN 37203
Phil Ryan 701 South 6th Street Nashville, TN 37206
(6) This section applies to non-profit corporations ONLY.
A. Our records reflect that your non-profit corporation is a public benefit or a mutual benefit corporation as indicated.
If blank or incorrect, please check appropriately: ___ Public _X_Mutual
B. Ifa Tennessee religious corporation, please check here if blank: ___Religious
(7) Signature: Electronic (8) Date: 11/26/2012 4:53 PM
(9) Type/Print Name: Loretta Owens (10) Title: Executive Director
SS-4444 RDA 1676


its Tennessee Corporation Annual Report Form AR Filing #: 08845859
fevers L ; FILED: Dec 17, 2013 10:30AM
ce abe 2 File online at: http://TNBear.TN.gov/AR DLN #: A0205-1833.001
MSE” =~ Due on/Before: 01/01/2014 Reporting Year: 2013
Annual Report Filing Fee Due: This Annual Report has been successfully
$40 if any changes are made in block 3 to the registered agent/office CC Payment Ref #: 153486625
6 a ie
SOS Control Number: 308485
Corporation Non-Profit - Domestic Date Forrned: 03/05/1996 Formation Locale: TENNESSEE
eg ppp A EE EL
(1) Name and Mailing Address: (2) Principal Office Address:
THE HOUSING FUND, INC. 305 11TH AVE S
305 11TH AVE S NASHVILLE, TN 37203-4003
NASHVILLE, TN 37203-4003
(jpn SS
(3) Registered Agent (RA) and Registered Office (RO) Address: Agent Changed: Yes_
PAUL JOHNSON Agent County: DAVIDSON COUNTY
305 11TH AVE S
NASHVILLE, TN 37203-4003
(4) Name and business address (with zip code) of the President, Secretary and other principal officers.
Tie ‘Name
Secretary Jo Anne Corbi
(5) Board of Directors names and business address (with zip code). ____ None, or listed below.
Name Business Address City, State, Zip
Dan Eaton 705 DREXEL ST NASHVILLE, TN 37203
Cary Rosenblum ~__ [4521 TROUSDALE DR -
Phillip McCutchan
Ken McKnight 801 12TH AVENUE SOUTH
Debbie Frank _ 412 SUMMIT OAKS DRIVE
Jo Anne Corbitt 300 Broadway Nashville, TN 37201
Ee
Ernie Felts 1214 Murfreesboro Rd, Suite 110
Jessica LeVeen Farr 301 Rosa Parks Blvd
Fabian Bedne - 16649 SUGAR VALLEY DRIVE NASHVILLE, TN 37211
DavidBrley ~~ ~—~—~S«&S 44. Union Street, Suite 1600, Nashville, TN 37219
William Buchanan = 1203 Sth Avenue North Nashville, TN 37208
Ron Crutcher 1324 Adams Street
Kelvin Jones 800 BROADWAY, SUITE 200 NASHVILLE, TN 37203
Doug Lesky — "14535 Harding Road, Suite 110 : Nashville, TN 37205 7
Keith Miles
(6) This section applies to non-profit corporations ONLY.
A. Our records reflect that your non-profit corporation is a public benefit or a mutual benefit corporation as indicated.
$S-4444 Page 1 of 2 RDA 1678
ARCHIVE


ges. Tennessee Corporation Annual Report Form AR Filing #: 03845859
fe cf a FILED: Dec 17, 2013 10:30AM
6 nate fy File online at: http://TNBear.TN.goviAR DLN #: A0205-1833,002
“ree” = Due on/Before: 01/01/2014 Reporting Year: 2013
: This Annual Report has been successfully
Annual Report Filing Fee Due: . paid for and filed. Please keep this report for
$20 if no changes are made in block 3 to the registered agent/office, or your records.
$40 if any changes are made in block 3 to the registered agent/office CC Payment Ref #; 153486625
a
If blank or incorrect, please check appropriately: ___Public _X Mutual
B. If a Tennessee religious corporation, please check here if blank: ___Religious
(7) Signature: Electronic (8) Date: 12/17/2013 10:30 AM
(9) Type/Print Name: Paul Johnson (10) Title: President/CEO
SS-4444 Page 2 of 2 RDA 1678


w
A AA
WwW
NO
gz. Tennessee Corporation Annual Report Form (AR Filing #2; 05501098 is
Fai trees FILED: Dec 30, 2016 3:03PM oo
Ce File online at: http://TNBear.TN.gov/AR 4
“ie” Due on/Before: 01/01/2017 Reporting Year: 2016 Ws
N
[twonoroemer Ropar Fling Foe Dus: rae nose ee ny ned wally ect
$20 if no changes are made In block 3 to the registered agenvoffice, or your records. f=)
$40 if any changes are made in block 3 to the registered agent/office Payment-Credit Card - State Payment RS
Center - CC #: 3691574137 2
SOS Control Number: 308485 »
Nonprofit Corporation - Domestic Date Formed: 03/05/1996 Formation Locale: TENNESSEE a
(1) Name and Mailing Address: (2)-Principal Office Address: O
THE HOUSING FUND, INC. 305 11TH AVES td
305 11TH AVE S NASHVILLE, TN 37203-4003 4
NASHVILLE, TN 37203-4003 . a
a C—O oO
(3) Registered Agent (RA) and Registered Office (RO) Address: Agent Changed: Yes_ 8
KATE HINSON Agent County: DAVIDSON COUNTY b-
305 11TH AVE S s
NASHVILLE, TN 37203-4003 Q.
(4) Name and business address (with zip code) of the President, Secretary and other principal officers. _ 2
Name (Business Address City, State, Zip Sg
HunterNelson «SOS ATH AVES NASHVILLE, TN 37203-4003 @
Douglesky SOS TITH AVES NASHVILLE, TN 37203-4003 5
MU —————— 8
fT es __ oo
Se) Ce es ne ¢))
(5) Board of Directors names and business address (with zip code). ___ None, or listed below. S
[Name ———=—“—*~*s~SCSCSCSCB sins Adcrrecss City, State, Zip _ o
Amy Broadwater 305 11TH AVE S NASHVILLE, TN 37203-4003 @
305 11TH AVE S NASHVILLE, TN 37203-4003 Ne
Meg Underwood 30511THAVES.— NASHVILLE, TN 37203-4003 0)
Regina Harvey 660 FITZHUGH BI-VD, SUITE 100 SMYRNA, TN 37167 ; iM
David Morales P.O. BOX 100532 NASHVILLE, TN 37224 8
Hunter Nelson 118 16TH AVE SOUTH, SUITE 200 NASHVILLE, TN 37203 ‘<
Tyane Powell 150 3RD AVE SOUTH NASHVILLE, TN 37201 o
Melvin Black 747 WORK DRIVE: NASHVILLE, TN 37027
ne DEADERICK ST __ NASHVILLE, TN 37238 a
Michael Frazee 1214 MURFREESBORO RD, SUITE 110 FRANKLIN, TN 37604 ay
301 Rosa Parks Bvd Nashville, TN 37203 : my
[FabianBedne ———————S—S~*~*~CS*C«d BAG SUGAR VALLEY’ DRIVE NASHVILLE, TN 37211
1324 Adams Street Franklin, TN 37064 He
[Douglesky——=———S—SSS—S=«*A5 35 Harding Roa, Suite 110 Nashville, TN37205 )
Keith Miles 611 Commerce Street, Sui:e 2800 Nashville, TN37203 a
wu
(6) This section applies to non-profit corporations ONLY. ‘a
A. Our records reflect that your non-profit corporation is a public benefit or a mutual benefit corporation as indicated. oO
If blank or incorrect, please check appropriately: ____Public _X Mutual a
SS-4444 Page 1 of 2 RDA 1678
ARCHIVE


w
(=)
Ww
iS
i
Pettis. . . aS
ee, Tennessee Corporation Annual Report Form ART ng #/Coeat es
IB BS. FILED: Dec 30, 2016 3:03PM oo
Beat )z; File online at: http://TNBear.1N.gov/AR oo
x Nee?
™ Suisse Due on/Before: 01/01/2017 Reporting Year: 2016 iS
= te This Annual Report has been successfully =~
Annual Report Filing Fee Due: paid for and filed. Please keep this report for
$20 If no changes are made In block 3 to the registered agenVoffice, or our records. o
y ae
$40 if any changes are made in block 3 to the registered ageat/office Payment-Credit Card - State Payment Nw
Center - CC #: 3691574137 2
B. If a Tennessee religious corporation, please check here if blank: ___ Religious SS
Ww
}
Ww
Me)
Ss
ys)
0)
Q
r)
p-
<
oO
Q
ion
Ke
H
oO
S
5
o
on
oO
oO
oO
n
oO
a
65
oO
ct
ry)
K
kK
e)
rh
n
ct
i)
ct
@o
|
K
1)
wm
ps
(7) Signature: Electronic _ (8) Date: 12/30/2016 ——— a
(9) Type/Print Name: Kate N Hinson __.. (10) Title:_ CFO __. oe
SS-4444 Page 2 of 2 RDA 1678


. w
(=)
~~
w

Hi lll | || || | | ANAT

005137628 a
APPLICATION FOR REGISTRATION co)
OF ASSUMED NAME asan| ~
ba ees, * . . ic =)
SEES, Division of Business Services For Difice Use Only =
& a aS. — of State -FILED- ar
j ioe hil Sport, Bae aun Cadi, Amendment # 005137628 =
3 ro \\e H : °
BX Seer Nashville, TN 37243-1102 My
Bree 615) 741-2286 =
cine’ (615) rm
Tre Hargett Filing Fee: $20.00 to
Secretary of State ve
eos hb
Pursuant to the Tennessee Business Corporation Act, Tennessee Nonprofit Corporation Act, Tennessee Limited i
Liability Company Act, Tennessee Revised Limited Liability Company Act, or the Tennessee Revised Uniform tv
Partnership Act, this application for registration of an assumed name is submitted to the Tennessee Secretary of s
State. wv
asa A ll NA HS oO
1. The Secretary of State Control Number is: 000308485 a
and the true name of the business entity is: ra
THE HOUSING FUND, INC. B
2. The state or country of organization is: be
TENNESSEE =
ee ©
3. The business entity intends to transact business under an assumed name. =
pe Sg ES 0)
n
4. The assumed name the business entity proposes to use is: if)
oO
Community Loan Center of Middle Tennessee 0)
The assumed name must satisfy the statutory requirements for that type oi' entity. ip)
Gem i oe te oO
Q
©
07/17/2019 Electronic ct
Signature Date Signature e
Ke
Senior Vice President Angela R Belcher Oo
Signer's Capacity Name (typed or printed) =
Note: Pursuant fo T.C.A. § 10-7-503 all information an this form is publi record. 2
ra)
a
oO
W
4K
)
ra
w
K
a
)
ct
ct
$S-4230 (Rev. 03/15) RDA 2458


w
M0
~l
fos)
gy, Tennessee Corporation Annual Report Form AR Fling # OSES?
ee 1 ‘ ; FILED: Dec 10, 2019 2:06PM n>
& way File online at: https://TNBear.TN.gov/ wo
Sone” = Due on/Before: 01/01/2020 Reporling Year: 2019 =
Annual Report Filing Fee Due: —_ ald robes: angle leaey a b
$20 If no changes are made In block 3 to the registered agenvoffice, or your records, 2
| $40 if m= sae are made in block 3 to the registered ageqtoffice | Payment-ECheck - State Payment Center
- eCheck o
ns S
SOS Control Number: 308485 f °
Nonprofit Corporation - Domestic Date Formed: 03/05/1996 Formation Locale: TENNESSEE i
OO ere rr O
(1) Name and Mailing Address: (2) Principal Office Address: fom)
THE HOUSING FUND, INC. 305 11TH AVE S to
305 11TH AVES NASHVILLE, TN 37203-4003 Ss
NASHVILLE, TN 37203-4003 a
aa eee
(3) Registered Agent (RA) and Registered Office (RO) Address: Agent Changed: Yes_ a
DAN EVENSON Agent County: DAVIDSON COUNTY fs
305 11TH AVES S
NASHVILLE, TN 37203-4003 2.
eee ees“ ano—m—™—=v
(4) Name and business address (with zip code) of the President, Secretary and other princigal officers. hl
Name Business Address City, State, Zip 3
Philip McCutchan 305 11TH AVE S NASHVILLE, TN 37203-4003 @
Amy Broadwater 305 11TH AVE S NASHVILLE, TN 37203-40035
[ —
CT ee a
ee a. CD
(5) Board of Directors names and business address (with zip code). ____ None, or listed below. ie
[Name ——~—~—~s—SCSCSCSC*dB sins Aros City, State, Zip -
305 11TH AVE SOUTH NASHVILLE, TN 37203 ©
Donald Majors 30S TITHAVES NASHVILLE, TN 37203 ie
Miguel Vega 305 11TH AVES NASHVILLE, TN 37203 oO
Richard Warren 305 1THAVES NASHVILLE, TN 37203 co
Latrisha Jemison 305 11TH AVE S | NASHVILLE, TN 37203 h
Amy Broadwater 305 11TH AVES NASHVILLE, TN 37203 =
Meg Underwood 305 11TH AVES : NASHVILLE, TN 37203 ie)
Tyane Powell 305 11THAVES NASHVILLE, TN 37203 7
305 11TH AVE S __ NASHVILLE, TN 37203 ue
305 11THAVES NASHVILLE, TN 37203 w
[Michael FrazeoSSSC*(SOS ITH AVES a NASHVILLE, TN 37203 By
Jessica LeVeenFar «SOS TITH AVES — NASHVILLE, TN 37203
Ron Crutcher 305 11THAVES NASHVILLE, TN 37203 ie
Doug Lesky 305 11THAVES NASHVILLE, TN 37203 co)
Keith Miles 30511THAVES. NASHVILLE, TN 37203. a
Eas ee, — rr
(6) This section applies to non-profit corporations ONLY. S
A. Our records reflect that your non-profit corporation is a public benefit or a mutual benefit corporation as indicated. o
If blank or incorrect, please check appropriately: ____Public _X Mutual m4
SS-4444 Page 1 of 2 RDA 1678
ARCHIVE


i w
Oo
~l
foe)

1

fcgz%, Tennessee Corporation Annual Report Form AR Filing # 06895942

Ee b FILED: Dec 10, 2019 2:06PM ()

a a ie File online at: https://TNBear.TN.gov/ oO

Sa Due on/Before: 01/01/2020 Reporting Year: 2019 _

i)

U0 This Annual Report has been successfully SS

Annual Report Filing Fee Due: paid for and filed. Please keep this report for

$20 if no changes are made in block 3 to the registered agenVoffice, or your records, oO

$40 if any changes are made in block 3 to the registered agentoffice Payment-ECheck - State Payment Center aS

- eCheck 2

B. If a Tennessee religious corporation, please check here if blank: _ Religious ‘ od

Ne)

a

oO

a)

K

ye)

@

Qa

0)

p

<

0)

aa

oO

ke

4

0)

rs

a

0)

a

an

ro)

fo)

n

oO

QO

b

(0)

ct

o

K

kg

fe)

Hh

n

ct

i)

ct

fo)

4

8

oO

x

5

(7) Signature: Electronic (8) Date: 12/10/2019 Q

eee a eG

(8) Type/Print Name: Dan L Evenson (10) Title: Accountant st
$8-4444 Page 2 of 2 RDA 1678


THE HOUSING FUND, INC
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS
ee

WHEREAS, on November 16, 1999, the board of directors of the Corporation
approved The First Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Corporation; and

WHEREAS, on April 19, 2005, the board of directors of the Corporation approved
this Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Corporation.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Corporation adopts the following Second Amended and
Restated Bylaws (the “bylaws”) which shall supersede the original bylaws and all prior amendments
thereto, the text of which is amended and restated as follows:

ARTICLE I.
OFFICES

The Housing Fund, Inc. (the “Corporation”) shall maintain a principal office or
offices, either within or without the State of Tennessee, as the Board of Directors may designate or
as the business of the Corporation may require from time to time. :

ARTICLE Il.
PURPOSE AND USE OF THE CORPORATION AND ITS FUNDS

Section 2.1. Purpose. The purposes of the Corporation are as follows:

(a) To acquire funds from governmental entities and agencies, and from non-
governmental entities and individuals, through gifts, grants, loans, or otherwise;

(b) To acquire, lease, or obtain easements over real property, improved or
unimproved, and personal property, from governmental entities and agencies, and from non-
governmental entities and individuals, through gifts, grants, purchases, exchanges, or otherwise;

(c) To make loans, investments, grants, gifts, or payments of any kind to owners,
developers, lessors, lessees, occupants, lenders, or others to induce them to or assist them in: (i)
1030111 v2 “1s
063258-004 4/14/2023


providing decent, safe, and sanitary housing to low and moderate income individuals and families; or
(ii) developing or redeveloping neighborhoods and commercial areas in order to prevent or eliminate
blighting influences;

(d) To sell, lease, give or grant easements over real or personal property to
owners, developers, lessors, lessees, occupants, lenders, or others to induce them to or assist them in:
(i) providing decent, safe, and sanitary housing to low and moderate income individuals and
families; or, (ii) developing or redeveloping neighborhoods and commercial areas in order to prevent
or eliminate blighting influences;

(e) To own, operate or manage real property, improved or unimproved, and
personal property, in order to: (i) provide decent, safe, and-sanitary housing to low and moderate
income individuals and families; or (ii) develop or redevelop neighborhoods and commercial areas in
order to prevent or eliminate blighting influences; and ‘

(f) To effectuate such charitable purposes within the meaning of Section
501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, as the Board of Directors may from
time to time deem appropriate.

Section 2.2. Use of Funds. The Corporation is not formed for financial or pecuniary
gain; and no part of the assets, income, or profits of the Corporation are distributable to, or inures to
the benefit of its directors or officers or any other private person, except as provided in Section 4.11
and Section 5.8 as reimbursement for expenses or reasonable compensation for services rendered to
the Corporation, and except to make payments and distributions in furtherance of the purposes of the
Corporation, as set forth in the Charter and Section 2.1 above.

Section 2.3. Termination of Corporation. The Board of Directors shall have the
authority to terminate the Corporation at any time that, by a unanimous vote, it deems such
termination appropriate or advisable. In such event, after paying, or making provision for the
payment of, all liabilities of the Corporation then outstanding and unpaid, the Board of Directors
shall distribute the assets of the Corporation exclusively for its charitable purposes to one or more
regularly organized and qualified charitable organization(s) to be selected by the Board of Directors.

Any assets not so disposed of by the Board of Directors shall be disposed of by a court having
equity jurisdiction in the county in which the principal office of the Corporation is then located, with
the distribution of assets to be made for such charitable purposes, or to such organization or
organizations which are organized and operated exclusively for such purposes, within the meaning
of Section 501(c)(3) of the Code, or any corresponding provision of any future federal tax laws, as
such court shall determine.
ARTICLE III.
MEMBERS
Section 3.1. Members. The Corporation shall not have members.
1030111 v2 -2-
063258-004 4/14/2023
ARCHIVE


ARTICLE IV,
BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Section 4.1. General Powers. Subject to the provisions of Section 4.3 below, the
business and affairs of the Corporation shall be supervised by its Board of Directors, which shall
exercise in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation all of the rights and privileges legally
exercisable by the Corporation as a corporate entity, except as may otherwise be provided by law,
the Charter, or these Bylaws. The Board of Directors, as the governing body of the Corporation,
shall have the authority to receive, administer and invest property on behalf of the Corporation in
accordance with the provisions set forth in these Bylaws, establish, operate and manage such
facilities, programs and services as the Board of Directors deem appropriate, consistent with the
purposes of the Corporation.

Section 4.2. Nominating Committee. There shall be a Nominating Committee
comprised of all officers of NHF, all committee chairs of NHF, and three (3) current members of the
Board of Directors.

Section 4.3. Number and Election of Directors. The number of members of the
Board of Directors shall be fixed by the Board of Directors, but in no event shall the number of
members of the Board of Directors be less than three (3) or greater than twenty-three (23). The
members of the Board of Directors shall be elected as follows: Each year, prior to the annual
meeting of the Board of Directors, the Nominating Committee (as defined in Section 4.2) shall
submit to the Board of Directors a slate of candidates (the “Slate”). The Slate shall consist of that
number of candidates equal to the number of directors whose terms are due to expire during the
course of the year. The Board of Directors shall then vote on the Slate at its annual meeting (or, if
no annual meeting is held, at the next duly called special meeting of the Board of Directors). A vote
of the majority of the members of the Board of Directors shall be necessary to adopt the Slate. The
Slate shall be adopted in its entirety. In the event the Slate is not adopted in its entirety, the
Nominating Committee shall resubmit a Slate(s) until one such Slate is adopted and confirmed in its
entirety. In selecting a Slate, the Nominating Committee must ensure that the Board of Directors
will always contain two (2) members who live in an Investment Area served by the Corporation or
who are members of a Targeted Population served by the Corporation. “Investment Area” and
“Targeted Population” shall have the meanings given to those terms in Part 1805 of Title 12 of the
Code of Federal Regulations.

Section 4.4. Limitation on Personal Liability of Directors. No person who is or was
a director of the Corporation, nor such person’s heirs, executors or administrators (hereinafter
collectively referred to as a “director”), shall be personally liable to the Corporation for monetary
damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. However, this provision shall not eliminate or
limit the liability of a director (a) for any breach of a director’s duty of loyalty to the Corporation, (b)
for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing
violation of law, or (c) for the authorization of unlawful distributions pursuant to Section 48-58-304
1030111 v2 HBr
063258-004 4/14/2023

ARCHIVE


of the Act. No repeal or modification of the provisions of this Section 4.4, either directly or by the
adoption of a provision inconsistent with the provisions of this Section, shall adversely affect any
right or protection, as set forth herein, existing in favor of a particular individual at the time of such
repeal or modification.

Section 4.5. Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of the Board of Directors shall be
held within or without the State of Tennessee at time and date following the close of the
Corporation’s fiscal year as shall be determined by the President of the Corporation. The purpose of
the annual meeting shall be to elect directors and officers of the Corporation, and transact such other
business as may properly be brought before the meeting.

Section 4.6. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be
called by the President of the Corporation, or at the request of any director with the agreement of at
least one-half (2) of the Board of Directors. The President shall fix the place, either within or
without the State of Tennessee, as the place for holding any special meeting.

Section 4.7. Notices. Notice of each annual meeting shall be given at least two (2)
weeks prior thereto, and notice of any special meeting shall be given at least five (5) business days
prior thereto. The attendance of a director at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such
meeting, except where a director attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the
transaction of any business because the meeting was not lawfully called or convened. The business
to be transacted at, or the purpose of, any special meeting of the Board of Directors must be
specified in the notice of such meeting.

Section 4.8. Quorum and Participation in Meeting. One third of the total number of
directors in office, but no less than two (2) directors, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of
business at any meeting of the Board of Directors. The members of the Board of Directors, or any
committee designated by the Board of Directors, may participate in a meeting of the Board of
Directors, or of such committee, by means of conference telephone or similar communications
equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear one another; and
participation in a meeting pursuant to this provision shall constitute presence in person at such
meeting. The directors shall be promptly furnished a copy of the minutes of the meetings of the
Board of Directors.

Section 4.9. Manner of Acting. Each director shall be entitled to one (1) vote upon
any matter properly submitted for a vote to the Board of Directors. The act of a majority of the
directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors,
except as may otherwise be specifically provided by law, by the Charter, or by these Bylaws.

Section 4.10. Action Without a Meeting. Any action required or permitted to be
taken at a meeting by the Board of Directors, or by any committee thereof, may be taken without a
meeting if all voting members of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent in
writing to taking such action without a meeting. If all members entitled to vote on the action shall
consent in writing to taking such action without a meeting, the affirmative vote of the numbers of
votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting shall be the act of the
Board of Directors. The action must be evidenced by one (1) or more written consents describing
1030111 v2 ie
063258-004 4/14/2023

ARCHIVE


the action taken, signed in one (1) or more counterparts by each member entitled to vote on the
action, indicating each signing member’s vote or abstention on the action taken. All such written
consents and actions shall be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board of Directors or
committee. A consent signed under this Section 4.10 shall have the same force and effect as a
meeting vote of the Board of Directors, or any committee thereof, and may be described as such in
any document.

Section 4.11. Vacancies. Any vacancy occurring in the Board of Directors, including
vacancies created by the removal of directors without cause or for cause, shall be filled by the
Nominating Committee (as defined in Section 4.2). A director designated to fill a vacancy shall
serve for the unexpired term of his predecessor in office, or, if there is no predecessor, until the next
appointment of directors.

Section 4.12. Compensation and Reimbursement of Expenses. No director shall be
entitled to receive monetary compensation for services rendered to the Corporation. However, each
director may be paid reasonable expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board of
Directors, after submitting substantiation of such expenses to the Corporation. This section shall not
preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation
therefor. ‘

Section 4.13. Removal. Any or all of the directors may be removed for cause or
without cause by vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the Board of Directors, exclusive of the director
whose removal is at issue. Removal of a director shall also constitute removal as an officer of the
Corporation and as a member of all committees of the Board of Directors.

Section 4.14. Resignation. A director may resign at any time by tendering his
resignation in writing to the President or, in the case of the resignation of a director who is also
President, to the Secretary. A resignation shall become effective upon the date specified in such
notice or, if no date is specified, upon receipt of the resignation by the Corporation at its principal
place of business.

ARTICLE V.
OFFICERS

Section 5.1. Number. The Corporation shall have a President and a
Secretary/Treasurer each of whom shall be elected in accordance with the provisions of this Article.
The Board of Directors may also elect such other officers and assistant officers as the Board of
Directors may from time to time deem necessary or appropriate. Any two or more offices may be
held by the same person, except for the offices of President and Secretary, which must be held by
different people.

1030111 v2 -5-
063258-004 4/14/2023
ARCHIVE


Section 5.2. Election and Term of Office. The officers shall be elected annually by
the Board of Directors at its annual meeting. Each officer shall hold office for a term of one (1) year
or until his earlier death, resignation, or removal from office in the manner hereinafter provided.

Section 5.3. President. The President shall be the principal executive officer of the
Corporation. The President shall, when present, preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors and
shall in general perform all of the duties, and have all of the authority, incident to the office of the
chief executive officer of a corporation, and such other duties as may from time to time be
prescribed by the Board of Directors. The President may sign, with the Secretary/Treasurer or any
other proper officer thereunto authorized by the Board of Directors, deeds, mortgages, bonds,
contracts, or other instruments which the Board of Directors has authorized to be executed, except in
cases where the signing and execution thereof shall-be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors
or these Bylaws to some other officer or agent of the Corporation, or shall be required by law to be
otherwise signed or executed.

Section 5.4. Secretary/Treasurer. The Secretary/Treasurer:

(a) shall keep the minutes of the proceedings of the Board of Directors in one or
more books provided for that purpose; see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the
provisions of these Bylaws or as required by law: be custodian of the corporate records and of the
seal, if any, of the Corporation and see that the seal is affixed to all documents, the execution of
which is duly authorized on behalf of the Corporation under its seal; keep a register of the post office
address of each member of the Board of Directors, which address shall be furnished to the
Secretary/Treasurer by each director and in general perform all duties incident for the office and
such other duties as may from time to time be assigned to him by the President or by the Board of
Directors; and

(b) shall have charge and custody of, and be responsible for, all funds and
securities of the Corporation; receive and give receipts for monies due and payable to the
Corporation from any source whatsoever, and deposit all such monies in the name of the Corporation
in such banks, trust companies, or other depositories as shall be selected in accordance with the
provisions of Article VIII of these Bylaws; disburse the funds of the Corporation in accordance with
the directives of the Board of Directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and render
to the Board of Directors, at its annual meeting and at such other times as may be requested by the
Board of Directors, an accounting of all the transactions and of the financial condition of the
Corporation; and in general perform all duties incident to the office and such other duties as may
from time to time be assigned to him by the President or by the Board of Directors.

Section 5.5. Removal. Any member of the Board of Directors removed from office
pursuant to Section 4.13 shall be automatically removed as an officer. The Board of Directors may,
by a majority vote of all directors, remove any officer when, in its judgment, the best interests of the
Corporation will be served thereby.

Section 5.6. Vacancies. A vacancy in any office may be filled by the Board of
Directors
1030111 v2 iG
063258-004 4/14/2023

ARCHIVE


Section 5.7. Resignation. An officer may resign his office at any time by tendering
his resignation in writing to the President or, in the case of the resignation of the President, to the
Secretary/Treasurer. A resignation shall become effective upon the date specified in such notice, or,
if no date is specified, upon receipt of the resignation by the designated officer.

Section 5.8. Salaries and Expenses. The officers shall be entitled to reasonable
compensation, as may be set by the Board of Directors from time to time, for services rendered to
the Corporation. Reasonable expenses incurred by all of the officers in the course of coordinating
the affairs of the Corporation shall be reimbursed by the Corporation upon proper substantiation.

ARTICLE VI.
STANDARDS OF CONDUCT

Section 6.1. Standards of Conduct. A director or an officer of the Corporation shall
discharge his duties as a director or as an officer, including duties as a member of a committee:

(a) In good faith;

(b) With the care an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would exercise
under similar circumstances; and

(c) In a manner he reasonably believes to be in the best interest of the
Corporation.

Section 6.2. Reliance on Third Parties. In discharging his duties, a director or officer
is entitled to rely on information, opinions, reports, or statements, including financial statements and
other financial data, if prepared or presented by:

(a) one or more officers or employees of the Corporation whom the director or
officer reasonably believes to be reliable and competent in the matters presented;

(b) legal counsel, public accountants, or other persons as to matters the director or
officer reasonably believes are within the person’s professional or expert competence.

Section 6.3. Bad Faith. A director or officer is not acting in good faith if he has
knowledge concerning the matter in question that makes reliance otherwise permitted by Section 6.2
unwarranted.

Section 6.4. No Liability. A director or officer is not liable for any action taken, or
any failure to take action, as a director or officer, if he performs the duties of his office in
compliance with the provisions of this Article, or ifhe is immune from suit under the provisions of
Section 48-58-601 of the Act.

1030111 v2 lf
063258-004 4/14/2023


Section 6.5. Prohibition on Loans. No loans or guarantees shall be made by the
Corporation to its directors or officers. Any director who assents to or participates in the making of
any such loan shall be liable to the Corporation for the amount of such loan until the repayment
thereof. Notwithstanding the preceding two sentences, nothing in this Section 6.5 shall be
interpreted to prohibit any loans or guarantees made pursuant to any public benefit program
administered by the Corporation and approved in accordance with T.C.A. ' 48-58-302.

ARTICLE VIL.
CONTRACTS, LOANS, CHECKS, DEPOSITS, INVESTMENTS

Section 7.1. Contracts and Employment of Agents. The Board of Directors may
authorize any director, officer, or agent to enter into any contract, or execute and deliver any
instrument, in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation. The Board of Directors shall be
specifically authorized, subject to the provisions of Section 4.3 hereto, to employ and to pay the
compensation of such agents, accountants, custodians, experts, scholarship consultants and other
counsel, legal, investment or otherwise, as the Board of Directors shall deem advisable, and to
delegate discretionary powers to, and rely upon information furnished by, such individuals or
entities. Such authority may be general or confined to specific instances.

Section 7.2. Loans. No loans shall be contracted on behalf of the Corporation, and
no evidences of indebtedness shall be issued in its name, unless authorized by a resolution of the
Board of Directors. Such authority may be general or confined to specific instances.

Section 7.3. Checks, Drafts, etc. All checks, drafts, or other orders for the payment
of money, notes, or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the Corporation shall be
signed by such officer or officers, agent or agents, of the Corporation, and in such manner, as shall
from time to time be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors.

Section 7.4. Deposits. All funds of the Corporation not otherwise employed shall be
deposited from time to time to the credit of the Corporation with such banks, trust companies,
brokerage accounts, investment managers, or other depositaries as the Board of Directors may from
time to time select.

Section 7.5. Investment Authority. The Board of Directors shall be authorized to
retain assets distributed to it, even though such assets may constitute an over-concentration in one or
more similar investments. Further, the Board of Directors shall have the authority to make
investments in unproductive property, or to hold unproductive property to the extent necessary until
it can be converted into productive property at an appropriate time, provided the retention of such
property is in the best interest of the Corporation and does not in any way jeopardize the tax-exempt
status of the Corporation.

1030111 v2 -8-
063258-004 4/14/2023
ARCHIVE


ARTICLE VIII.
INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCEMENT OF EXPENSES
Section 8.1. Mandatory Indemnification of Directors and Officers. To the maximum
extent permitted by the provisions of Sections 48-58-501, et seq., of the Act, as amended from time
to time (provided, however, that if an amendment to the Act in any way limits or restricts the
indemnification rights permitted by law as of the date hereof, such amendment shall apply only to
the extent mandated by law and only to activities of persons subject to indemnification under this
Section which occur subsequent to the effective date of such amendment), the Corporation shall
indemnify and advance expenses to any person who is or was a director or officer of the
Corporation, or to such person’s heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives, for the
defense of any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
administrative, or investigative, and whether formal or informal (any such action, suit or proceeding
being hereinafter referred to as the “Proceeding”), to which such person was, is or is threatened to be
made, a named defendant or respondent, which indemnification and advancement of expenses shall
include counsel fees actually incurred as a result of the Proceeding or any appeal thereof, reasonable
expenses actually incurred with respect to the Proceeding, all fines, judgments, penalties and
amounts paid in settlement thereof, subject to the following conditions:
(a) The Proceeding was instituted by reason of the fact that such person is or was
a director or officer of the Corporation; and
(b) The director or officer conducted himself in good faith, and he reasonably
believed (i) in the case of conduct in his official capacity with the Corporation, that his conduct was
in its best interest; (ii) in all other cases, that his conduct was at least not opposed to the best interests
of the Corporation; and (iii) in the case of any criminal proceeding, that he or had no reasonable
cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of a proceeding by judgment, order,
settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent is not, of itself,
determinative that the director or officer did not meet the standard of conduct herein described.
Section 8.2. Permissive Indemnification of Employees and Agents. The Corporation
may, to the maximum extent permitted by the provisions of Section 48-5 8-501, et seq., of the Act, as
amended from time to time (provided, however, that ifan amendment to the Act in any way limits or
restricts the indemnification rights permitted by law as of the date hereof, such amendment shall
apply only to the extent mandated by law and only to activities of persons subject to indemnification
under this Section which occur subsequent to the effective date of such amendment), indemnify and
advance expenses in a Proceeding to any person who is or was an employee or agent of the
Corporation, or to such person’s heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives, to the
same extent as set forth in Section 8.1 above, provided that the Proceeding was instituted by reason
of the fact that such person is or was an employee or agent of the Corporation and met the standards
of conduct set forth in Subsection 8.1(b) above. The Corporation may also indemnify and advance
expenses in a Proceeding to any person who is or was an employee or agent of the Corporation to the
extent, consistent with public policy, as may be provided by the Charter, by these Bylaws, by
contract, or by general or specific action of the Board of Directors.
1030111 v2 HOs
063258-004 4/14/2023
ARCHIVE


Section 8.3. Non-Exclusive Application. The rights to indemnification and
advancement of expenses set forth in Sections. 8.1 and 8.2 above are contractual between the
Corporation and the person being indemnified, and his heirs, executors, administrators and legal
representatives, and are not exclusive of other similar rights of indemnification or advancement of
expenses to which such person may be entitled, whether by contract, by law, by the Charter, bya
resolution of the Board of Directors, by these Bylaws, by the purchase and maintenance by the
Corporation of insurance on behalf of a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or by
an agreement with the Corporation providing for such indemnification, all of which means of
indemnification and advancement of expenses are hereby specifically authorized.

Section 8.4. Non-Limiting Application. The provisions of this Article VIII shall not
limit the power of the Corporation to pay or reimburse expenses incurred by a director, officer,
employee, or agent of the Corporation in connection with such person’s appearing as a witness ina
Proceeding at a time when he has not been made a named defendant or respondent to the Proceeding.

Section 8.5. Prohibited Indemnification. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Article VIII, the Corporation shall not indemnify or advance expenses to or on behalf of any
director, officer, employee, or agent of the Corporation, or such person’s heirs, executors,
administrators or legal representatives:

(a) Ifa judgment or other final adjudication adverse to such person establishes his
liability for any breach of the duty of loyalty to the Corporation, for acts or omissions not in good
faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, or under Section 48-58-
304 of the Act; or

(b) —_ Inconnection with a Proceeding by or in the right of the Corporation in which
such person was adjudged liable to the Corporation; or

(c) In connection with any other Proceeding charging improper personal benefit
to such person, whether or not involving action in his official capacity, in which he was adjudged
liable on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received by him.

Section 8.6. Repeal or Modification Not Retroactive. No repeal or modification of
the provisions of this Article VIII, either directly or by the adoption of a provision inconsistent with
the provisions of this Article, shall adversely affect any right or protection, as set forth herein,
existing in favor of a particular individual at the time of such repeal or modification.

063258-004 4/14/2023 aD
ARCHIVE


ARTICLE IX.
NOTICES AND WAIVER OF NOTICE
The notices provided for in these Bylaws shall be communicated in person, by
telephone, telegraph, teletype, or by mail or private carrier. Written notice is effective at the earliest
of (i) receipt, (ii) five (5) days after its deposit in the United States mail, if mailed correctly
addressed and with first-class postage affixed thereon, (iii) on the date shown on the return receipt, if
sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, and the receipt is signed by or on behalf
of the addressee, or (iv) twenty (20) days after its deposit in the United States mail, if mailed
correctly addressed, and with other than first-class, registered, or certified postage affixed.
Whenever any notice is required to be given to any director, officer or committee member of the
Corporation under the provisions of these Bylaws, the Charter, or the Act, a waiver thereof in writing
signed by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time stated
therein, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice.
ARTICLE X.
AMENDMENTS
These Bylaws and the Charter may be altered, amended, or repealed, and a new
Charter or Bylaws adopted, provided that no such alteration, amendment or repeal shall be
inconsistent with Article XI hereof.
ARTICLE XI.
EXEMPT STATUS
The Corporation has been organized and will be operated exclusively for exempt
purposes within the meaning of Section 501(c)(3) of the Code and, as such, will be exempt from
taxation under Section 501(a) of the Code. The Corporation intends to apply for recognition of its
exempt status by filing Internal Revenue Service Form 1023 within the time prescribed under
Section 508 of the Code and Treasury Regulation Section 1.508-1(a)(2). Any provision of these
Bylaws or of the Charter which would in any manner adversely affect the Corporation’s tax exempt
status shall be void and shall be deleted or modified as necessary to comply with all applicable
federal and state requirements for the maintenance of the Corporation’s tax exempt status.
1030111 v2 al i
063258-004 4/14/2023


ARCHIVE


i) IRS Department of the Treasury
Internal Revonue Service
In reply refer to: 0248144558
CINCINNATI OH 45999-0038 Sep. 19, 2018. LTR 4168C 0
62-1632388 009000 00
00016238
BODC: TE j
j
THE HOUSING FUND INC
% LORETTA OWENS |
305 11TH AVE S$ i
NASHVILLE TN 37203
FT |
Employer ID number: 62-1632388
Form 990 required: Yes
|
Dear Taxpayer:
We're responding to your request dated Sep. 11, 2018, about your
tax-exempt status. |
|
|
We issued you a determination letter in June 1996, recognizing
you as tax-exempt under Internal Revenue Code (IRC) Section 501(c)
£3),
We also show you're not a private foundation as defined under IRC
Section 509(a) because you're described in IRC Sections 509(a)(1) and
170(b) C1) (A) (vad. |
Donors can deduct contributions they make to you as provided in IRC
Section 170. You're also qualified to receive tax deductible bequests,
legacies, devises, transfers, or gifts under IRC Sections 2055, 2106,
and 2522.
In the heading of this letter, we indicated whether you must file an
annual information return. If you're required to file a return, you
must file one of the following by the 15th day of the 5th month after
the end of your annual accounting period:
- Form 990, Return of Organization Exempt From Income Tax |
- Forin 990EZ, Short Form Return of Organization Exempt From Income |
Tax i
- Form 990-N, Electronic Notice (e-Postcard) for Tax-Exempt |
Organizations Not Required to File Form 990 or Form 990~EZ
- Form 990-PF, Return of Private Foundation gr Section 4947(a) (1)

Trust Treated as Private Foundation |
According to IRC Section 6033(3), if you don't file a required annual
information return or notice for 3 consecutive years, we'll revoke
your tax-exempt status on the due date of the 3rd required return or
notice,

You can get IRS forms or publications you need from our website at
www.irs.gov/forms-pubs or by calling 800-TAX-FORM (800-829-3676).
‘ If you have questions, call 877-829-5500 between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m,


0248144558
Sep. 19, 2018 LTR 4168C 0
62-1632388 000000 00
00016239
THE HOUSING FUND INC
% LORETTA OWENS
305 11TH AVE $
NASHVILLE TN 37203
local time, Monday through Friday (Alaska and Hawaii follow Pacific
time). :
Thank you for your cooperation.
Sincerely yours,
Kim A. Billups, Operations Manager
Accounts Management Operations 1


What We Do
The Housing Fund provides resources and creative leadership to help
individuals and communities create and maintain affordable, healthy places in
which low- and moderate-income people live.
Strategies and services include:

e Development lending

e Consumer-lending products to facilitate, sustain homeownership

e Homebuyer education and lender/investor outreach

e Community impact programs.
As a nonprofit Community Development Financial Institution (CDF), The
Housing Fund’s capital, loans, products and services are intended to reach and
assist under-resourced and economically-disadvantaged people and
communities in order to remediate gaps not filled by the conventional
banking/finance sector.
Our Story
The Housing Fund, Inc. was established in 1996 as a 501C3 nonprofit
organization to help finance affordable-housing and neighborhood-
revitalization projects in limited-income communities throughout Tennessee.
Since inception, THF has assisted over 4,400 first-time homebuyers to receive
more than $37 Million in down-payment assistance loans, as well as provided
more than $89 Million in financing to assist over 3,200 individuals and
organizations for the purchase, rehabilitation, or construction of homes for
low-to-moderate income families.


ARCHIVE


THE HOUSING FUND. INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS,
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
AND
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021


THE HOUSING FUND, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
INDEPENDENT RUDD REPORT
SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021
CONTENTS

PAGE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position............sssssesessessessesesseeenecseeseeseansstenecueaeneeasereaneneeeneenenees 4
Consolidated Statements of Activities ..........::c.:sussusscseavssscusasesecsasssiensnscecsicsncatseskeaccenscouebussassbessusnnssusnnvens 5
Consolidated Statements of Functional Expenses wisissssicsssssssssssssnccasssiennsscinavonsscasspusisacinetiieeieteseiss 6
Consolidated Statements of Cash FLOWS swisssisssssiasssssavysvisnvssesvssnsesusasshesisatiaces ssbatasssusanesseaussssasttsstusstessiens 7
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statement. sjssssicisssosiovssicsscsscvsssessvstnacsssissscanvsscisnssuscedsnccetsatvetartstieccveauets 8-29
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Consolidating Statement of Financial Position - 2022 ......cssssssessessssesssssesessessssssssenssacsusnecassnsaesaseesseenseees 30
Consolidating Statement of Financial Position - 2021 ........ssesessessessssesssssseesessecesteassnsceeseesseneateneeneaeeneeces 31
Consolidating Statement of Activities = 2022 ......:..:sasssssvisussasssssssnecssnsscsssstareanssassaaanniuitesteessnseaesveteseiseeets 32
Consolidating Statement of Activities - 2021 ...........sesssssscesssisenseisuaussosensvesvincenanssensensensuadsneaccusvecweroxsniaus 33

ARCHIVE


KraftCPAs
PLLC
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

Board of Directors

The Housing Fund, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Nashville, Tennessee

OPINION

We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of The Housing Fund, Inc. and
Subsidiaries (collectively, the “Agency”) which comprise the consolidated statements of financial position as
of September 30, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of activities, functional expenses,
and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects,
the consolidated financial position of the Agency as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, and the changes in its
net assets and its cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.

BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of
America (GAAS) and the standards applicable to financial audits contained in Government Auditing
Standards, issued by the Comptroller General of the United States. Our responsibilities under those standards
are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audits of the Consolidated Financial Statements
section of our report. We are required to be independent of the Agency and to meet our other ethical
responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits. We believe that the
audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.
RESPONSIBILITY OF MANAGEMENT FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial statements in
accordance with accounting’ principles generally accepted in the United States of America; this includes the
design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are
conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Agency’s ability to
continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the consolidated financial statements are available
to be issued.

af.
KraftCPAs PLLC + Certified Public Accountants and Consultants
555 Great Circle Road + Nashville, TN 37228 » phone: 615-242-7351 + fax: 615-782-4271 + kraftcpas.com


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes
our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not
a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS and Government Auditing Standards, will always
detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a
substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgement made by a
reasonable user based on the consolidated financial statements.

In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS and Government Auditing Standards, we:

¢ Exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.

e Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such
procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements.

¢ Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Agency’s internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed.

e Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant
accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of consolidated
financial statements.

¢ Conclude whether, in our judgement, there are any conditions or events, considered in the aggregate,
that raise substantial doubt about the Agency’s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable
period of time.

We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the
planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings and certain internal control-related matters
that we identified during the audits.
OTHER INFORMATION
Our audits were conducted for the purpose of forming an opinion on the consolidated financial statements as a
whole. The consolidating statements of financial position and activities on pages 30-33 are presented for
purposes of additional analysis and is not a required part of the consolidated financial statements. Such
information is the responsibility of management and was derived from and relates directly to the underlying
accounting and other records used to prepare the consolidated financial statements. The information has been
subjected to the auditing procedures applied in the audit of the consolidated financial statements and certain
additional procedures, including comparing and reconciling such information directly to the underlying
accounting and other records used to prepare the consolidated financial statements or to the consolidated financial
statements themselves, and other additional procedures in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States of America. In our opinion, the information is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation
to the consolidated financial statements as a whole.

-9-

ARCHIVE


OTHER REPORTING REQUIRED BY GOVERNMENT AUDITING STANDARDS
In accordance with Government Auditing Standards, we have also issued our report dated June 30, 2023, on our
consideration of the Agency’s internal control over financial reporting and on our tests of its compliance with
certain provisions of laws, regulations, contracts, and grant agreements and other matters. The purpose of that
report is solely to describe the scope of our testing of internal control over financial reporting and compliance
and the results of that testing, and not to provide an opinion on the effectiveness of the Agency’s internal control
over financial reporting or on compliance. That report is an integral part of an audit performed in accordance
with Government Auditing Standards in considering the Agency’s internal control over financial reporting and
compliance.

FpapsePAas PLLC
Nashville, Tennessee
June 30, 2023

35


THE HOUSING FUND. INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
SEPTEMBER 30. 2022 AND 2021
2022 2021
ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents $ 15,007,514 $ 8,654,329
Cash and cash equivalents, designated for federal programs 2,631,164 2,310,913
Accounts receivable 84,291 60,793
Government grants receivable 112,597 22,158
Accrued interest on loans receivable 108,379 169,079
Loans receivable:

Down payment assistance loans, net 8,001,487 7,669,523

Flood assistance loans, net 807,138 925,011

Development loans, net 6,543,346 10,529,302

Shared equity loans, net 2,313,666 1,619,839
Prepaid expenses and other assets 397,285 148,740
Tax, insurance and mortgage escrow reserves 353,274 378,397
Property, furniture and equipment, net 4,527,679 3,472,254
Land and improvements for the Community Land Trust Program 492,614 636,551
TOTAL ASSETS $ 41,380,434 $ 36,596,889

LIABILITIES AND NET ASSETS
LIABILITIES
Accounts payable $ 490,789 $ 360,596
Accrued expenses 322111 296,395
Grants payable 1,237,291 654,766
Mortgage loans payable - Laure! House Apartments, net 1,654,370 2,242,694
Deferred revenue 2,057,396 1,945,723
Notes payable - investment partners 21235313 17,368,548
TOTAL LIABILITIES 26,997,270 22,868,722
NET ASSETS
Without donor restrictions 13,160,350 12,535,862
With donor restrictions 1,222,814 1,192,305
TOTAL NET ASSETS 14,383,164 13,728,167
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND NET ASSETS $41,380,434 $ 36,596,889
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
ds


THE HOUSING FUND, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF ACTIVITIES
FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30. 2022 AND 2021
2022 2021
CHANGES IN NET ASSETS WITHOUT DONOR RESTRICTIONS
REVENUES AND GAINS:
Public support:
Federal, state and local government grants $ 2,004,029 $ 380,304
Grants from private institutions 705,664 575,716
Revenues:
Service and administrative fees 309,293 336,348
Rental income - Laurel House Apartments 474,717 436,302
Interest income:
Loans 896,511 698,943

Other 25,091 4,500
Other 109,945 96,474
TOTAL REVENUES AND GAINS WITHOUT DONOR RESTRICTIONS 4,525,250 2,528,587
Net assets released from restrictions:

Expiration of time and purpose restrictions 1,469,491 1,231,101
TOTAL NET ASSETS RELEASED FROM RESTRICTIONS 1,469,491 1,231,101
TOTAL REVENUES, GAINS, AND OTHER SUPPORT
WITHOUT DONOR RESTRICTIONS ___ 5,994,741 __3,759,688
EXPENSES
Program services:

Lending 2,060,144 1,114,553

Community impact 2,004,360 1,360,741

Laurel House Apartments 559,974 608,097
Supporting services:

Management and general 745,775 527,411
TOTAL EXPENSES 5,370,253 3,610,802
INCREASE IN NET ASSETS WITHOUT DONOR RESTICTIONS 624,488 148,886
CHANGES IN NET ASSETS WITH DONOR RESTRICTIONS
Donor restricted contributions 1,500,000 2,250,000
Net assets released from restrictions (1,469,491) (1,231,101)
INCREASE IN NET ASSETS WITH DONOR RESTRICTIONS 30,509 1,018,899
INCREASE IN NET ASSETS 654,997 1,167,785
NET ASSETS - BEGINNING OF YEAR 13,728,167 12,560,382
NET ASSETS - END OF YEAR $ 14,383,164 $ 13,728,167
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

7 ARCHIVE


© motoenaAnNn rR OXAH a
a CAHADHRaAaAtTAST! S
a S= SER ea Sea a S
an s ru aews
si 3 ReARKSSRIUOGRS ES
& XN ol nen ae }
me faa)
nad A
~
\o ‘'ouror'tonthttn -
eo al — S J co owt nN —_
ese Ee S&S Some Cy al a
2/53 o| a i) or +) oc
aBel@esgsl s © = a -| a
es) * 3) * *
aon
n = a“ an
' ' ' 1
2) 5 8' San 'S' sss] &
_ ogo 4 x 12 Ss eo S|
5 Ss or x wyYysS| oo
Ss ge + ta a SOT gs
N Hugs rm =
ey <| iw 4
8
5 Q "ato tanmnun'titaq a
= 2 a aA ans al =
2 ea) Sy. ESS SN oy
n 2s! aq an 4 man wo Ss
& + a Oe “= =) ray
eo Ug EB] a 4,
6 =
A ° 9 7: wn
2) = x
Zz 6S ra) ~oOtmMonangitia on
Oo Aa Q oon —-ArHS cl
nl AY q2a a4 ROS AN, y 4
a x A S| ou ASN S col +
il Z =| & wo Araneae i at
oe HH §) 4 A a =|
<j aoa 4 =
a = 3 & “
ag SN
~
a FF 2 =sYTAoO KHAN OTH TH] =
=) isa) s+ mOOmManwvobrwONNAT el
_ = =
a SO ew RW ARASAREAGSAAS QQ
4 8) ou eran dX furan —
ia =) Co] AN AnANIsoawoenmounnr 5
4 & @ Be} S = HAN = =a] oO
< fa =| a is) wo
gy OS nl ad “
Ss 1
ra i‘ a 20 8 i ‘"wtanunnanun't to va) ?
Zz, A 43 3 zal a fa) enanrs = Cc
se) 6 €8)§—5 § = RS So eae
Zz q 6s] % ea x Nw ¥ of val al
= ae 85] = a Ss c| =
j=) fe FE} 2] ow = Na
e| & 6 BSE ° 3
3 gq & a =
n yn Ba) a 'or we iw oy ae
7) ro ~ e| = a ao a “asl =
a oa e2ggsc =“ EnA ss BAe] oO
io) i=3) ay g 5 3 Ss — oo Ss all ol a
= eb Ss iS) + veut) + out Ya)
= o> ss |se | ek%
Bae 4 as *
oO
Qe 2 2 a hata treo tt ttl io
ZB 6 = 2 + =~ Oo aa S| S as
Z| 5 €o; a i Cats an) S| 8 2
fe) Ba an Bs} ON i --r—) an ral + 5
ie s| BES “Aq “| s 2
a) Be = wi 3
3 1S) ed an $
Fl _—
loa S DPewmnetowmnanis iol = s
a meconascet ie) + 2
sf 3 AOA ee aa Ss a 8
a oO eunreaennwon S i] —
=| a a aAaNu + oe) i Ss &
BS = a AN S
a _ a 3
2
FA A aS
=|
a E-|
g g
< & =
2 g 8
8 3 2
4] -
A eh 2 8
aS a ¢£ 2 2 s
Sam &m g & € S
o> PS 3 8 Ss vz ie
2 DO J i=} [=]
£332 gu g § A=}
282 8 228 ¢B 2
ese 86 fgeg? g
BleReS pPeese e
sss Ges 25» 5 F 5
Ssesscezsusezeee 8
3.2 £ oOo an o .6 o =
ex 8 6 2e&se2 cae 8S g
DSSZERaS ES SARE
PEsSs ee sess 2
Ae SO Be Bid sie ARGHIVE


THE HOUSING FUND. INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021
2022 2021

OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Change in net assets $654,997 $_1,167,785.
Adjustments to reconcile change in net assets to net cash

provided by operating activities:

Depreciation 181,084 181,191

Amortization of loan costs 19,973 14,667

Loss on sale of Community Land Trust properties 105,376 -

Accrued interest added to notes payable - investment partners 42,087 22,638

Provision for uncollectible loans (120,231) 150,367

Non-cash contribution: forgiveness of accrued interest and note payable - investment partners (489,914) (417,025)
(Increase) decrease in:

Accounts receivable (23,498) 63,109

Accrued interest on loans receivable 60,700 (14,922)

Prepaid expenses and other assets (248,545) (19,112)

Tax, insurance and mortgage escrow reserves 25,123 (88,715)
(Decrease) increase in:

Accounts payable 130,193 37,088

Accrued expenses 25,716 (38,129)
Grants payable $82,525 654,766

Deferred revenue 111,673 1,805,266
Net adjustments ___ 311,823 __ 2,351,189
NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES ____ 966,820 __3,518,974
INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Acquisition of property, furniture and equipment (1,236,509) (195,989)
Acquisition and construction paid for Community Land Trust properties (381,439) -
Proceeds from sales of Community Land Trust properties 420,000 -
Down payment assistance loans made (1,532,367) (1,735,414)
Principal repayments on down payment assistance loans 1,200,664 1,253,531
Principal repayments on flood assistance loans 172,095 209,302
Development loans made (4,819,726) (6,241,342)
Principal repayments on development loans 8,907,682 3,961,962
Shared equity loans made (775,787) (115,057)
Principal repayments on shared equity loans 45,708 46,207
NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES 2,000,321 (2,816,800)
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Principal payments on mortgage loans payable - Laurel House Apartments (608,297) (65,214)
Proceeds from notes payable - investment partners 8,126,000 1,195,267
Principal payments on notes payable - investment partners (3,811,408) (3,000)
NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 3,706,295 1,127,053
INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 6,673,436 1,829,227
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - BEGINNING OF YEAR 10,965,242 9,136,015
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - END OF YEAR $_ 17,638,678 — $ 10,965,242
ADDITIONAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION:
Interest paid $ 275,000 $307,212
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

7
ARCHIVE


THE HOUSING FUND. INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021
NOTE 1 - GENERAL
The Housing Fund, Inc. (“THF”) was organized in 1996 as a Tennessee not-for-profit corporation. Its
stated mission is to “provide resources and creative leadership to help individuals and communities
create and maintain affordable and healthy places in which low to moderate income people live.” THF
is designated as a Community Development Financial Institution (“CDFI”) by the U.S. Department of
Treasury.
Laurel House Apartments GP, Inc. (“Laurel House GP”) was organized in 2002 as a for-profit
corporation and is a wholly owned subsidiary of THF. Laurel House GP owns 1/10 of 1% as general
partner of Laurel House 2001, L.P., a limited partnership that was also organized in 2002. Laurel House
2001, L.P. acquired certain real estate for the construction and operation of Laurel House Apartments
(the “Laurel House project”), a 48-apartment unit development, with parking availability, 10,000 square
feet of retail space, and offices for THF. The Laurel House project was funded in part through a Tax
Increment Financing loan (“TIF”), provided by THF, in the amount of $700,000. Additional funding
for the Laurel House project came from proceeds of the sale of federal low-income housing tax credits.
Effective December 31, 2018, the limited partners of Laurel House 2001, L.P. transferred their 99.99%
ownership interest directly to The Housing Fund, Inc, as a condition of the original partnership
agreement. Effective December 31, 2018, The Housing Fund is 100% owner of Laurel House 2001,
L.P. through its 1/10 of 1% ownership held by Laurel House GP and 99.99% ownership held directly.
NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Principles of consolidation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements for the years ended September 30, 2022 and
2021, include the accounts of The Housing Fund, Inc. and its subsidiaries: Laurel House Apartments
GP, Inc. and Laurel House 2001, L.P. (collectively the “Agency”). All significant intercompany
accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Basis of presentation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements present the financial position and change in net
assets of the Agency on the accrual basis of accounting in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”).
= ARCHIVE


THE HOUSING FUND. INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021
NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
Basis of presentation (continued)
Resources are classified as net assets without donor restrictions and net assets with donor restrictions,
based on the existence or absence of donor-imposed restrictions as follows:
Net assets without donor restrictions: Net assets that are not subject to donor-imposed
restrictions and may be expended for any purpose in performing the primary objectives of the
organization. These net assets may be used at the discretion of the Agency’s management and
the Board of Directors.
Net assets with donor restrictions: Net assets subject to stipulations imposed by donors, and
grantors. Some donor restrictions are temporary in nature; those restrictions will be met by
actions of the Agency or by the passage of time. Other donor restrictions are perpetual in nature,
whereby the donor has stipulated the funds be maintained in perpetuity. The Agency did not
have any net assets with donor restrictions that are perpetual in nature as of September 30, 2022
or 2021.
Donor/grantor restricted contributions are reported as increases in net assets with donor restrictions.
When a restriction expires, net assets are reclassified from net assets with donor restrictions to net assets
without donor restrictions in the Consolidated Statements of Activities.
Contributions and support
Contributions are recognized when cash, securities or other assets, or an unconditional promise to
give is received. A contribution is conditional if an agreement includes a barrier that must be
overcome and either a right of return of assets transferred or a right of release of a promisor’s
obligation to transfer assets exists. The presence of both a barrier and a right of return or right of
release indicates that a recipient is not entitled to the contribution until it has overcome the barrier(s)
in the agreement. Conditional promises to give are not recognized until the barrier(s) in the agreement
are overcome.
The Agency also receives grant revenue from federal, state and local agencies. Grant revenue is
recognized in the period a liability is incurred for eligible expenditures under the terms of the grant.
Grant funds received prior to expenditure are recorded initially as deferred revenue. Deferred revenue
for grant funds received but not expended amounted to $2,057,396 at September 30, 2022
($1,945,723 at September 30, 2021).
The Agency reports any gifts of equipment or materials as unrestricted support unless explicit donor
restrictions specify how the assets must be used. Gifts of long-lived assets with explicit restrictions as
to how the assets are to be used or funds restricted for the acquisition of long-lived assets are reported
as restricted support. Expirations of donor restrictions are recognized when the donated or acquired
long-lived assets are placed in service.
-9-


THE HOUSING FUND, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021
NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Rental income

Rental income from residential apartments is recognized as rent becomes due. Rental payments received
in advanced are deferred until earned.

Rental income from retail leases is recognized on the straight-line basis over the life of the leases. The
excess of rental income recognized over the amount received is included in accounts receivable.
Federal loan awards

Federal awards received by the Agency that include an obligation to repay loaned amounts back to the
awarding agency are included in notes payable until such amounts are repaid by the Agency. Federal
loan awards are considered expended when the loan disbursements are made to eligible recipients.
Cash and cash equivalents and designated cash

Cash and cash equivalents include demand deposits and money market funds with banks. Cash
equivalents also include bank certificates of deposit that can be liquidated without significant penalty
or restriction (including accrued interest).

Cash and cash equivalents designated for federal programs consists of discretely managed accounts
maintained to comply with contractual requirements imposed by grantors and may be used only for
the purpose of funding loans.

The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported
within the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position that sum to the total in the Consolidated
Statement of Cash Flows as of September 30:

2022 2021

Cash and cash equivalents $ 15,007,514 $ 8,654,329

Cash and cash equivalents, designated for federal programs 2,631,164 2,310,913

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash $_ 17,638,678 $_ 10,965,242

Accounts receivable and government grants receivable
Accounts receivable and government grants receivable are deemed to be fully collectible by
management. No allowance for bad debts is considered necessary.

” ARCHIVE


THE HOUSING FUND, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021
NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
Allowance for uncollectible loans
The allowance for uncollectible loans is a valuation allowance for probable incurred credit losses. Loan
losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the uncollectability of a loan
balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. Management
estimates the allowance balance required using historical loan loss experience, the nature and volume
of the portfolio, information about specific borrower situations, estimated collateral values, and current
economic conditions. The allowance consists of specific and general components. The specific
component relates to loans that are individually classified as impaired. The general component is based
on historical loss experience adjusted for current factors. The entire allowance is available for any loan
that, in management’s judgment, should be charged off.
A loan receivable is considered impaired when, based on current information, it is probable that all
amounts of principal and interest due will not be collected according to the terms of the loan agreement.
The allowance for uncollectible loans is established by charges to program services expense and is
maintained at an amount which management believes adequate to absorb losses on existing loans.
Uncollectible loans are charged to the allowance account in the period such determination is made.
Recoveries of the allowance for uncollectible loans due to repayment of loans is recorded as income in
the period of recovery.
Property, furniture and equipment
Property, furniture and equipment are reported at cost at the date of purchase, or at estimated fair value
at the date of gift to the Agency. The Agency’s policy is to capitalize purchases with a cost of $200 or
more and an estimated useful life greater than one year. Depreciation is calculated by the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows: 20 years or the life of the lease, if shorter,
for leasehold improvements, 10-40 years for building and building improvements, 3 years for computer
equipment and 5-7 years for furniture and fixtures.
Debt issuance costs
Debt issuance costs are presented on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as a direct
reduction from the carrying amount of the related mortgage loans payable - Laurel House Apartments.
Amounts are amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the related mortgage and included in
amortization expense on the Consolidated Statements of Functional Expenses. Amortization of loan
costs will be $12,612 per year for the years ending 2023 through 2024 and $7,356 for the year ending
2025.
i=


THE HOUSING FUND. INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021
NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
Income taxes
THF qualifies as a not-for-profit organization exempt from federal income taxes under Section
501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. :
THF files a U.S. Federal Form 990 for organizations exempt from income tax and U.S. Federal Form
990-T for organizations exempt from income tax with unrelated business. Laurel House GP is a for-
profit corporation and files a Federal Form 1120 and a Tennessee Franchise and Excise tax return.
Laurel House 2001, L.P. is a partnership and files a Federal Form 1065. Laurel House 2001, L.P. files
a certificate of exemption from Tennessee Franchise and Excise tax.
Management performs an evaluation of all income tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the
course of preparing THF’s, Laurel House GP’s and Laurel House 2001, L.P.’s income tax returns to
determine whether the income tax positions meet a “more likely than not” standard of being sustained
under examination by the applicable taxing authorities. Management has performed its evaluation of
all income tax positions taken on all open income tax returns and has determined that there were no
positions taken that do not meet the “more likely than not” standard. Accordingly, there are no
provisions for income taxes, penalties or interest receivable or payable relating to uncertain income tax
positions in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
Program and supporting services
The following programs and supporting services are included in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements:
Lending - includes a down payment assistance-lending program, a community development loan
program and a shared equity homeownership program designed to assist low to moderate income
individuals in acquiring or maintaining their primary residence and to assist not-for-profit and
for-profit developers in increasing the supply of decent and affordable housing for low and
moderate income individuals throughout Tennessee. The cornmunity rehabilitation efforts were
designed to help preserve home ownership by assisting with repairs for homes that had become
unsafe to inhabit. The community recovery initiative was designed as a response to the Nashville,
TN, tornado damage and COVID-19 relief efforts.
Community impact - includes the Community Land Trust and Housing Resiliency Fund. Through
the Community Land Trust program, the Agency is developing residential properties that will
be sold to qualifying homeowners. The qualifying homeowner enters a land lease agreement
with the Agency to reduce the initial housing prices. In 2021, THF launched the Housing
Resiliency Fund. This program provides payments of property taxes on behalf of qualified
residents living in certain zip codes. These payments are made directly to mortgage companies or
to the local Trustee’s office in Nashville (if property taxes are not escrowed) to help offset
increased property taxes.
13:


THE HOUSING FUND. INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021
NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
Program and supporting services (continued)
Laurel House Apartments - is a 48-unit apartment rental development, with low-income
requirements for residents, located in Nashville, Tennessee, with parking availability and
approximately 12,000 square feet of retail space.
Management and general - includes the functions necessary to ensure an adequate working
environment and costs not identifiable with a single program or fund-raising activity, including
costs associated with providing coordination and articulation of the Agency’s program strategy,
business management, general recordkeeping, budgeting and related purposes.
Allocation of functional expenses
Expenses that can be directly attributed to a particular function are charged to that function. Certain
costs have been allocated amount more than one program or activity based on objectively evaluated
financial and nonfinancial data or reasonable subjective methods determined by management.
The expenses that are allocated include payroll and related costs, advertising, depreciation and
amortization, occupancy, professional fees, office expense and miscellaneous and are allocated on the
basis of estimated time and effort expended on those activities or programs.
Use of estimates in the preparation of consolidated financial statements
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Accordingly, actual results
could differ from those estimates.
Reclassifications
Certain amounts in the prior year’s consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to
conform to the current year’s presentation. Such reclassifications had no effect on the results of
activities or net assets as previously reported.
- ARCHIVE


THE HOUSING FUND. INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021
NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
Recent authoritative accounting guidance
In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards
Update (“ASU”) 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). The guidance in this ASU supersedes the leasing
guidance in Topic 840, Leases. Under the new guidance, lessees are required to recognize lease assets
and lease liabilities on the statement of financial position for all leases with terms longer than 12
months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the
pattern of expense recognition in the statements of activities. In July 2018, the FASB issued ASU
2018-10, Codification Improvements to Topic 842, Leases, which makes narrow scope improvements
to the standard for specific issues. In July 2018, the FASB also issued ASU 2018-11, Leases (Topic
842): Targeted Improvements, which provides an optional transition method allowing the standard to
be applied at the adoption date. In March 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-01, Leases (Topic 842)
Codification Improvements, which exempts entities from having to provide the interim disclosures
required by Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 250-10-50-3 in the fiscal year in which an
organization adopts the new leases standard.
A modified retrospective transition approach is required. An entity may adopt the guidance either (1)
retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative
effect adjustment recognized at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented or (2)
retrospectively at the beginning of the period of adoption through a cumulative-effect adjustment.
The Agency expects to adopt the guidance retrospectively at the beginning of the period of adoption,
October 1, 2022, through a cumulative-effect adjustment, and will not apply the new standard to
comparative periods presented.
The new standard provides a number of practical expedients. Upon adoption, the Agency expects to
elect all the practical expedients available.
The Agency is currently evaluating the impact of the pending adoption of the new standard on its
consolidated financial statements.
-14-


THE HOUSING FUND, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021
NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
Recent authoritative accounting guidance (continued)
In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326):
Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which creates a new credit impairment
standard for financial instruments. The existing incurred loss model will be replaced with a current
expected credit loss (CECL) model for both originated and acquired financial instruments carried at
amortized cost and off-balance sheet credit exposures, including loans, loan commitments, held-to-
maturity debt securities, financial guarantees, net investment in leases and most receivables.
Recognized amortization cost financial assets will be presented at the net amount expected to be
collected through an allowance for credit losses. Expected credit losses on off-balance-sheet credit
exposures will be recognized through a liability. Unlike current guidance, which requires certain
favorable changes in expected cash flows to be accreted into interest income, both favorable and
unfavorable changes in expected credit losses (and, therefore, the allowance) will be recognized
through credit loss expense as they occur. With the exception of purchased financial assets with a
more than insignificant amount of credit deterioration since origination, for which the initial
allowance will be added to the purchase price of the assets, the initial allowance on financial assets
subject to the scope (whether originated or acquired) will be recognized through credit loss expense.
Expanded disclosures will also be required. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2022. The Agency is currently evaluating the impact of adoption of the new standard
on its consolidated financial statements.
In April 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-04, Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial
Instruments - Credit Losses, Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging, and Topic 825, Financial
Instruments. This ASU was issued to clarify and improve areas of guidance related to recently issued
financial instrument standards on credit losses, hedging, recognition and measurement. The
amendments related to ASC 326 are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December
31, 2022, and the amendments related to ASC 815 are effective for annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2022, for the Agency. The Agency is currently evaluating the effect
this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements.
In May 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-05, Credit Losses (Topic 326): Targeted Transition Relief.
This ASU provides entities that have certain instruments within the scope of Subtopic 326-20,
Financial Instruments - Credit Losses - Measured at Amortized Cost, with an option to irrevocably
elect the fair value option in Subtopic 825-10, Financial Instruments - Overall, applied on an
instrument-by-instrument basis for eligible instruments, upon adoption of Topic 326. For entities that
have not yet adopted ASU 2016-13, the ASU is effective when they implement the credit losses
standard. The Agency is currently evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on its consolidated
financial statements.
In November 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-11, Codification Improvements to Topic 326,
Financial Instruments-Credit Losses. This ASU provides narrow-scope improvements to Topic 326.
For entities that have not yet adopted ASU 2016-13 as of November 26, 2019, the effective date for
ASU 2016-11 are the same as the effective dates and transition requirements in ASU 2016-13. As
such, the ASU is effective for annual reporting periods after December 15, 2022 for the Agency.
-15-
ARCHIVE


THE HOUSING FUND. INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021
NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
Events occurring after reporting date
The Agency has evaluated events and transactions that occurred between September 30, 2022 and June
30, 2023, the date the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued, for
possible recognition or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements.
NOTE 3 - LIQUIDITY AND AVAILABILITY
Financial assets available for general expenditure, that is, without donor or other restrictions limiting
their use, within one year of the consolidated statement of financial position, comprise the following
as of September 30:
2022 _2021

Cash and cash equivalents $ 15,007,514 $ 8,654,329
Accounts receivable 84,291 60,793
Government grants receivable 112,597 22,158
Accrued interest on loans receivable 108,379 169,079
Current maturities on loans receivable 2,389,560 ___ 6,674,118
Total financial assets 17,702,341 15,580,477
Less amounts not available to be used within one year:

Board designated for future lending 11,392,000 13,488,000

Security deposits held 14,600 14,800

Net assets with donor restrictions 1,222,814 1,192,305
Financial assets available to meet general expenditures

over the next twelve months $ 5,072,927 $ 885,372
The Housing Fund, Inc. plans to utilize unrestricted funds to support the preservation and creation of
affordable housing and provide down payment assistance to low- and moderate-income communities.
Lending projections for fiscal year 2023 include approximately $7,400,000 ($9,973,000 was
projected for 2022) in development loans and $2,427,500 ($2,240,000 was projected for 2022) in
consumer loans such as down payment assistance loans to qualifying individually and $1,564,500
($1,275,000 projected in 2022) in shared equity lending.
In addition to the financial assets above, The Housing Fund, Inc. has one line of credit arrangement
available with financial institutions to meet lending goals in 2023. This includes a line of credit for
$1,500,000 with interest at prime rate minus 4%.

-16-


THE HOUSING FUND. INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021
NOTE 4 - LOANS RECEIVABLE AND ALLOWANCE FOR UNCOLLECTIBLE LOANS
Down payment assistance loans
Down payment assistance loans, secured by a second deed of trust on the applicable properties, are
made to homebuyers from unrestricted funds. These loans range from $1,000 to $35,000 and consist
of the following as of September 30:
2022 2021
Interest-bearing loans with interest at rates from 2% to 8%,
for terms of 5 to 30 years $ 4,863,600 $4,584,353
Non-interest bearing loans that are payable upon the sale
of the property 3,621,194 3,549,621
8,484,794 8,133,974
Less: allowance for uncollectible loans (483,307) (464,451)
Total $8,001,487 $ 7,669,523
Flood assistance loans
Flood assistance loans, secured by the repaired property through a second or third deed of trust, are
made to homeowners through federal grants. These loans range from approximately $1,000 to $20,000
and consist of the following as of September 30:
2022 2021
Interest-bearing loans with interest rate at 4%, requiring
monthly payments for terms of 5 to 25 years $ 42,255 $ 50,031
Non-interest bearing loans that are payable upon the sale
of the property 1,014,629 1,198,949
1,056,884 1,248,980
Less: allowance for uncollectible loans (249,746) (323,969)
Total $ 807,138 $ 925,011
“78


THE HOUSING FUND, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021
NOTE 4 - LOANS RECEIVABLE AND ALLOWANCE FOR UNCOLLECTIBLE LOANS (CONTINUED)
Development loans
Development loans consist of the following as of September 30:
2022 2021

Luans to developers for the development of affordable housing

and other community development projects, ranging from

approximately $1,000 to $1,300,000 as of September 30, 2022,

for terms of 0 to 180 months, with interest at rates from 3.50%

to 9.25%; used to finance construction of single-family homes

for sale and rental units in low to moderate income

neighborhoods and other community development projects.

Principal and interest are payable at the earlier of maturity or the

date the project is sold. $ 6,788,059 $ 10,878,133

Less: allowance for uncollectible loans (244,713) (348,831)

Total $ 6,543,346 $ 10,529,302

Shared equity loans

Shared equity loans are offered through a homeownership program to provide qualified homebuyers
with funds up to 25% of the home’s purchase price. Shared equity loan principal plus a portion of the
home’s appreciation are repayable upon the sale of home by borrower; however, these loans are
assumable by future buyers eligible under the shared equity program. Funds disbursed to borrowers
are recorded at cost. Borrowers agree to certain restrictions on their use and resale of the property.
Shared equity loans consist of the following as of September 30:

2022 2021
Non-interest bearing loans that are payable upon the sale
of the property $ 2,432,873 $ 1,702,794
Less: allowance for uncollectible loans (119,207) (82,955)
Total $__ 2,313,666 $ 1,619,839
-18-


THE HOUSING FUND. INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021
NOTE 4 - LOANS RECEIVABLE AND ALLOWANCE FOR UNCOLLECTIBLE LOANS (CONTINUED)
Allowance for uncollectible loans
Activity in the allowance for uncollectible loans was as follows as of and for the year ended September
30, 2022:
Down
payment Flood Shared
assistance assistance Development equity
Allowance for uncollectible loans:
Beginning balance $ 464,451 $ 323,969 $ 348831 $ 82,955
Charge-offs (4,609) (24,000) - -
Recoveries 23,726 - (2,118) -
Provisions for uncollectible loans (261) (54,223) (102,000) 36,252
Ending balance $ 483,307 $ 245,746 $ 244713 $ 119,207
Ending balance: collectively evaluated
for impairment $ 483,307 $ 245,746 $ 244,713 $ 119,207
Ending balance: individually evaluated
for impairment $ - §$ - $ - § -
Down
payment Flood Shared
assistance assistance Development equity
Loans:
Ending balance $ 8,484,794 $ 1,056,884 $ 6,788,059 $ 2,432,873
Ending balance: collectively evaluated
for impairment $ 8,484,794 $ 1,056,884 $ 6,788,059 $ 2,432,873
Ending balance: individually evaluated
for impairment $ - §$ - $ = $s
-19-


THE HOUSING FUND. INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021
NOTE 4 - LOANS RECEIVABLE AND ALLOWANCE FOR UNCOLLECTIBLE LOANS (CONTINUED)

Allowance for uncollectible loans (continued)
Activity in the allowance for uncollectible loans was as follows as of and for the year ended
September 30, 2021:
Allowance for uncollectible loans:
Beginning balance $ 356,754 $ 364,563 $ 236575 $ 77,512
Charge-offs 780 - (263) -
Recoveries 33,951 - - (33)
Provisions for uncollectible loans 72,966 (40,594) 112,519 5,476
Ending balance $464,451 $ 323,969 $ 348,831 $ 82,955
Ending balance: collectively evaluated :

for impairment $ 464.451 $ 323,969 $ 348,831 $ 82,955
Ending balance: individually evaluated

for impairment $ - $ - $ - $ -
Loans:
Ending balance $ 8,133,974 $1,248,980  $ 10,878,133 $ 1,702,794
Ending balance: collectively evaluated

for impairment $ 8,133,974 $1,248,980 $ 10,878,133 $ 1,702,794
Ending balance: individually evaluated

for impairment $ - §$ - $ - §$ :
The Agency’s policies relevant to each loan portfolio’s allowance for uncollectible loans are as follows:
Down payment assistance loans - The Agency reserves ranged from 5% - 6.50% of the total loan
portfolio during the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021. The allowance for uncollectible loans
is calculated at the end of each quarter based on outstanding loan balances.
Flood assistance loans - For loans to owner occupied single family homes a reserve of 25% is used
for the entire portfolio of loans for the provision for loan losses.

-20-


THE HOUSING FUND, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021
NOTE 4 - LOANS RECEIVABLE AND ALLOWANCE FOR UNCOLLECTIBLE LOANS (CONTINUED)
Allowance for uncollectible loans (continued)
Development loans - The Agency utilizes a risk rating system to monitor the credit quality of the
Agency’s development loan portfolio. Loans are assigned level 1-5 or X based on the following risk
rating descriptions:
Fo
g | Reserved Description
1 1% At least 4 of the following:
e Experienced developer, proven track record in property type
e Strong financial sponsorship given risks
e Successful prior business with THF
e Collateral is a THF first mortgage and located in middle TN
e Loan made with no exceptions to polic
2 2% All of the following:
e Experienced developer, proven track record in property type
e Adequate financial sponsorship given risk
e Collateral may be something other than THF first mortgage
e Loan made with no more than one exception to polic:
3 3% e Developer has limited experience in property type, and/or
little experience with THF
e Experienced developer with property type, THF loan in
subordinate position
e Adequate financial strength given level of experience
e Collateral real estate, but may be outside Middle TN
e Loan may have an exception to policy with compensating
factors
e Developer with limited experience with THF having a
subordinate lien position
heightened risk to THF, Borrower is responsive and proactive in
addressing risk(s)
x Individually Borrower is either not responsive to THF concern or ineffective in
= Sacre
loss
B=
ARCHIVE


THE HOUSING FUND. INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021
NOTE 4 - LOANS RECEIVABLE AND ALLOWANCE FOR UNCOLLECTIBLE LOANS (CONTINUED)
Allowance for uncollectible loans (continued)
Development loans, summarized by risk rating, are as follows:
2022 2021
Rating 1 $ 671,474 $ = 715,053
Rating 2 - -
Rating 3 6,045,838 10,143,332
Rating 4 - -
Rating 5 70,747 19,748
Rating X : :
Shared equity loans - The Agency reserves approximately 5% of the total loan portfolio. The allowance
for uncollectible loans is calculated at the end of each quarter based on outstanding loan balances.
NOTE 5 - PROPERTY, FURNITURE AND EQUIPMENT
Property, furniture and equipment consist of the following as of September 30:
2022 2021
Land $ 825,000 $ 400,000
Building and building improvements 6,483,959 5,686,714
Computer equipment 151,220 136,956
Furniture and fixtures 41,671 41,671
7,501,850 6,265,341
Less: accumulated depreciation (2,974,171) (2,793,087)
Total $ 4,527,679 $ 3,472,254
In 2023, the Agency is completing renovations on the Laurel House project and office space to be
utilized by the Agency. Total renovation budget for both projects is approximately $1,600,000.
“99%


THE HOUSING FUND, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021
NOTE 6 - COMMUNITY LAND TRUST PROGRAM
Through the Community Land Trust program, the Agency is developing residential properties that
will be sold to qualifying families. The qualifying homeowner enters a land lease agreement with the
Agency to reduce the initial housing prices. Land and development of the properties are recorded at
cost. When the property is sold to a qualifying homeowner, the Agency sells the structure only and
retains a ground lease on the property to ensure continued affordability of the property.
The Community Land Trust consists of the following as of September 30:
2022 __ 2021
Land $ 485,900 $ 485,900
Improvement costs 6,714 150,651
Total $ 492,614 $ 636,551
NOTE 7 - MORTGAGE LOANS PAYABLE - LAUREL HOUSE APARTMENTS
Mortgage loans payable - Laurel House Apartments consists of the following as of September 30:
2022 __ 2021
Mortgage payable to a financial institution, payable in monthly
principal payments of $3,761, plus interest at a variable rate
(2.25% at September 30, 2022) through March 2025 with a
final balloon payment of $1,574,120 due April 2025; secured
by substantially all the Laurel House 2001, L.P. assets which
had a net book value of approximately $3,200,000 at
September 30, 2022. $ 1,686,950 $ 1,732,082
Mortgage payable to a financial institution payable in monthly
principal payments of $2,886 including interest at the rate of
; 2.5% per annum through March 2025 with a final balloon
payment of $488,070 due April 2025; secured by substantially
all the Laurel House 2001, L.P. The Agency paid off the loan -
in March 2022. - 563,165
1,686,950 2,295,247
Less: unamortized debt issuance costs (32,580) (52,553)
Mortgage loans payable-Laurel House Apartments,
net of unamortized debt issuance costs $_ 1,654,370 $2,242,694
93s


THE HOUSING FUND, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021
NOTE 7 - MORTGAGE LOANS PAYABLE - LAUREL HOUSE APARTMENTS (CONTINUED)

Annual principal maturities of the mortgage loans payable - Laurel House Apartments as of
September 30, 2022 follows:
Year ending September 30:

2023 $ 45,132 .

2024 45,132

2025 1,596,686

$1,686,950
The mortgage agreements require the maintenance of certain financial and non-financial covenants.
The Agency was in compliance with all covenants as of September 30, 2022.
-24-


SSesseceseneeess 8 z
= 8 SSSHeSSrtSGRCCSseSggS A os
28) SSSSRSRREERESRES 4G
ee av oot a ad é
Fr F
' tt Peo rt_ntet_ontneetesenstaeas =
a 3 = = aq = 4
& 5 3 g oo cm OB fas)
es 2s S =
n HF wf
5
2 esenescecees: —
S lagel SEESESSERESSSSES =| &
= 5&2) SSSSASSRSSSSSSSS FE
i 8) SSRRQGRRASESHSSRSHA a
Qa g eas NQ aaa | Ss
aa nN am 7
z zy F F
s oF e+ © & SF f 1 sr ff 8 ' ss foe
Z 8 aes | '8 & &
aS a #34 s " rd
Ss ES o ° i.
2 A <em
—~ ZI 3 & oes A
aq go
A sl a & evece
aj es 2 | BSEGSSESESSSSSSSES S| Cy
a <8 ka Be SSSRESSSSSSESSSSESSS| S| OS
B i?) <q ° Esl N ned Sano] = gs
qiaa a * &
iS) s) a g 2 “ Q 1
aq a S z Pan ot fe iee toto e bt bt # tf bt tb oe isa F a
Zi x ~ g| 88 S S rn
Z &) 2 9 82 R @ a| £2
eq § 3 <5 _ ee
al 3
| ey § [—) MISO ;O7O 2
A A & 2 |ggg ESEZESEESESSSSSESS| S| ec
I 2 a
aa” g & [F388 SERSESSRSSSSSSSESESS S| 28
aa| 9 B FgA i) aod — AN Ss g&
Z 3 £#
FA fe) a=] bad wv - 5
os) mg 2 =
oC S | J oo eco
j £4 4g, S8gggegegggggegges 83
B aa 2) SESSSSSHSSSSESSSESE > &
x e Da OF] A was ar) 2 si
g ae ° 2 5°
o i
~” iS nN = a Ge Oo ee
4 is Q 277] w n g a2
2 3° A Zz ‘=| 8 2 oie =)
> FA e 3 ef sa
e | uc} ” ' i
Ps au & a 2
BE g ayo B22 28
= 3 ae 34 ¥ Fe $3 88
m § 3 gNg3e = #
B 3 o -F- a,8ang £8 Ss SQ
a Z 43883 3 ECEPETEr EE » 3
' S74 ma, ed 7 ‘
Ff gd Seekesesteigesetaz 2 #32
B FS ckS5sesagesegg rage g =f
2) A SOeAR aL OEP OEESEES C P|
ARCHIVE


THE HOUSING FUND, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021
NOTE 8 - NOTES PAYABLE - INVESTMENT PARTNERS (CONTINUED)
Loans from various financial institutions generally mature in one to ten years (maturities range from
November 2021 - June 2030 as of September 30, 2022), accrue interest at rates from 0% to 2.50%
annually, and are unsecured and subordinated. Certain loans contain automatic extension provisions
that can renew indefinitely. Some loans permit the accrued interest to be added to the principal balance
annually; the other loans require the interest to be paid monthly, quarterly or annually. Accrued
interest added to principal balances amounted to $42,08The Hous7 in 2022, and $22,638 in 2021.
Annual principal maturities of notes payable - investment partners are as follows:
Year ending September 30:
2023 $ 2,750,000
2024 1,988,246
2025 2,308,431 :
2026 3,116,636
2027 2,142,000
Thereafter 8,930,000
$ 21,235,313
NOTE 9 - NET ASSETS WITH DONOR RESTRICTIONS
Net assets with donor restrictions consist of the following at September 30:
2022 2021
Housing Resiliency Program $ 1,222,814 $ 1,192,305
$__1,222,814 $ 1,192,305
In November 2020, the Agency received a $2,250,000 grant for the Housing Resiliency Program
which was recognized as revenue during the September 30, 2021 fiscal year. As part of the program,
the Agency provides financial support to low- and moderate-income homeowners in specific
neighborhoods to mitigate increases in property taxes. During the year ended September 30, 2022,
the Agency utilized $1,192,305 for the program ($1,057,695 in 2021).
In November 2021, the Agency received a $1,350,000 grant for the Housing Resiliency Program
which was recognized as revenue during the September 30, 2022 fiscal year. As part of the program,
the Agency provides financial support to low- and moderate-income homeowners in specific
neighborhoods to mitigate increases in property taxes. During the year ended September 30, 2022,
the Agency utilized $127,187 for the program with $1,222,814 remaining in net assets with donor
restrictions.
-26-


THE HOUSING FUND. INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021
NOTE 10 - LEASES
Laurel House 2001, L.P.’s residential apartments are leased to tenants for one-year terms. On
February 18, 2001, the Partnership entered into two 20-year, triple net leases for the 12,000 square
feet of retail space. The Housing Fund, Inc. rents approximately 4,300 square feet of the retail space,
rental income and expense between the entities is eliminated in the consolidated financial
statements. The retail leases provide for scheduled rent increases every five years and include two,
five-year renewal options. The lease terms began June 1, 2004. The excess of rental income
recognized on a straight-line basis over the amount received is included in accounts receivable and
amounted to $22,674 at September 30, 2022 ($34,741 at September 30, 2021).
Future minimum rental receipts to be received under the retail leases, excluding the amount from
The Housing Fund, Inc., are as follows:
Year ending September 30:
2023 $ 47,741
2024 31,827
$_79.568
NOTE 11 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
The Agency has received federal and state grants for specific purposes that are subject to review and
audit by the grantor agencies. Although such audits could result in disallowance of expenditures,
management believes that any required reimbursements would not be significant. Accordingly, no
provision has been made for any potential reimbursements to the grantor.
Laurel House 2001, L.P. is required to utilize the housing complex as low-income housing pursuant
to Internal Revenue Code Section 42 until 2034.
NOTE 12 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Four of the Agency’s board members are senior officers with financial institutions or other lenders
with which the Agency has outstanding loans totaling $14,295,677 at September 30, 2022 (five board
members totaling $11,095,267 at September 30, 2021).
197.


THE HOUSING FUND. INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021
NOTE 13 - CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Agency to concentrations of credit risk consist of
cash and cash equivalents and loans receivable. Loans receivable are widely dispersed throughout
Middle Tennessee to mitigate credit risk.

The Agency maintains cash balances at financial institutions whose accounts are insured by the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) up to statutory limits. The Agency’s cash balance,
from time to time, may exceed statutory limits. The Agency has not experienced any losses in such
accounts and considers this to be a normal business risk.

The Agency also maintains cash and cash equivalents in an investment account at a brokerage
company. This investment consists of a money market fund. Generally, the balance is not insured by
the FDIC or any other governmental agency and is subject to investment risk, including the risk of
loss of principal. Investors are provided limited protection by the Securities Investor Protection
Corporation (“SIPC”), which provides protection to investors in certain circumstances such as fraud
or failure of the institution. Coverage is limited to $500,000. The SIPC does not insure against market
risk.

Outstanding development loans to three developers comprised 55% of the total of such loans at
September 30, 2022 (four developers comprised 48% in 2021).

NOTE 14 - CONTRACTED SERVICES AND EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

Contracted services

The Housing Fund Inc.’s staff is employed under a Professional Employer Organization (“PEO”)
agreement with LBMC Employment Partners and reports solely to the Agency’s Board of Directors.
The Agency reimburses LBMC Employment Partners for the salaries and related fringe benefits,
which include Social Security and Medicare taxes, insurance and employee benefit plan costs.
Laurel House 2001, L.P. contracts with a management company to manage the property. Laurel
House 2001, L.P. reimburses the management company for certain employee salaries. In addition,
management fees of 5% of gross revenue collected are paid to the management company.

Employee benefit plans

All staff members of The Housing Fund, Inc. are eligible to participate in the LBMC Employment
Partners, LLC 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan with a match of 100% of the first 3% of contributions and
50% of the next 2% of contributions. Total contributions amounted to $25,965 and $23,703 for the
years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

-28-


THE HOUSING FUND. INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021
NOTE 15 - FLOOD CONTRACT TERMINATION
On May 20, 2010 THF entered into an agreement with MDHA to administer the “We Are Home”
program. Under the agreement, THF was allowed up to $2,300,000 in grant funds from MDHA to
provide flood repair assistances to homeowners impacted by the May 2010 floods in Nashville.
Termination provisions under the agreement allow for MDHA to terminate the agreement any time,
at the convenience of MDHA, by a notice in writing from MDHA to THF specifying the effective
day thereof, at least thirty days before the effective date of such termination. Program income
provisions under the agreement allowed for THF to use loan proceeds and repayments for future
eligible activities. Therefore, a liability was not recorded at the time of the original agreement. On
January 13, 2015, MDHA notified THF that they elected to terminate the contract without cause
effective April 30, 2015. At the time of contract termination, there was $1,048,716 in flood
assistance loans held by THF that would be returned to MDHA. A flood contract payable was
recorded on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position for the amount to be returned to
MDHA. Payable to MDHA at September 30, 2022 and 2021 was $217,520 and is included in
accrued expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.
NOTE 16 - PAYCHECK PROTECTION PROGRAM LOAN
On April 19, 2020, THF was the recipient of a $142,025 loan under the Paycheck Protection Program
(“PPP”). The PPP, established as a part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security
(“CARES”) Act, provides for loans to small businesses to pay up to 24 weeks of payroll costs and
benefits, interest on mortgages, rent and utilities. The funds are available in the form of a loan which
is fully forgivable if at least 60% of the funds are used for payroll costs and other conditions are met.
Any unforgiven funds will convert to a note with a 1.0% interest rate and payable over 24 months.
The loan was forgiven on April 28, 2021 and recorded as federal grant income on the Consolidated
Statements of Activities.
On February 16, 2021, THF received a second draw PPP loan in the amount of $145,267. The loan is
forgivable under similar provisions as the first PPP loan. The loan was forgiven on November 3, 2021
and recorded it as federal grant income on the Consolidated Statements of Activities.
-29-


ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
ARCHIVE


= a b> 0 al so8 en +
yl RSSRS SRLSRETE a SBraeKgg & Sx] SS
2 ee OW MY OR | MCRL 68 Mic (NGL SOF NO. Sal rn Sh QI oe aa
& be FN OO Seo mannan n So eaeannrtr wi Led on oa i=}
aol eon Oe Oo eortrtranan oo AnNnvnyanng imal on J i)
Ss} Seu s= FSaeynnaangnst “7 Fadood ey aA 9} 9
g wa ) oa + = a ve} ae] +] =
r= - w+ “I nN - ~ vt
o
1S)
Ned FA FA A
+ eek ttiGnue bumow & Soy oben Gloe ule a ou es
00 © = esi x © = ~~ Ss S|
‘=I a = ~S Y 2. = a a 4
Ba Ss a aos] wo a al al al ©
32 © 3% egal © 8 gs} & | 3 a
$a = fs) a -| a
c=
ko}
1S)
A Ff #4 Ff
nt mo cx a ow nm © 8 C8 : vo ot] wl oe
a's SEB 6 a8 ' 8 3 8 S| &
mh Sa USS: ~ ba ars hrs x Ss a
o on \o =o Mh nN now So an isa) nm N
2 n°. Nn a a
Bel § ae S| gs 8/8 g
mea Gal + N a - -| +
gs
So
aa
—
FS a oe “A “
=
= < eR nes ea ek ea ~ ee oH mow 8 ' ‘
al ® 3 S| s s s| s
a aI S| Ss 6 S| Ss
=| O} o | cl Ss Ss sl so
Ae) Gy Qa S| s S S| s
<a 4 Emo) al a a al a
as a2
al Oo 3 $
a Z ge
5| < a=
is!
a 2 8 a
aoe & <
4) oy “A oy a a“
< oO Se
diag «6 RESRE SHSER'SER"| B] Sessa 2 sel sal «
Z4 as 2 ASRHH FIRESR SES | A SRR Ra SF Ae! A] A &
ise} ial oo a od A od oeruedw Aaa + Yor mw a) Sal al + ‘
a a EB} Aer Hea SaGam ate | cP aad Sas aa 4
S56 ge ss eee Eee | - oq @ 27 4 &
a Sa &
Se ie &
<] )
ic}
Z| & =
ao & “A ef a“ “e
a A
=|
a
Al g
Z
6 5
ol bb
2 Fl
z = 3
b- o
2 Z eS
a al #
g 3 =z 9
by s 5
2 g $ n
es =) . 2 a &
3 S LS a § < a
3 Se 3 9 an
33 88 fs Q
2 » ss i388 2 3 <
hs 2 2s 8 2 = 6 2
so ra) anak, Sud =x o I=
4 & s 28se 2559 a. = is)
32 Zz os 2 285 2 7}
= 8 o 9 Segesgsesg a 5 a
53 38 SFSeE788 > & GI a. 2)
Pe bd SesEos Pas = ra 7] Zz
Ee £2 823888235 25 , 8 g <
2 8 898 8222855 278 On te Sau n
ss 6 “26 a sya g & bra] n 22 n
ier] 82 2Se8UbBgsSy a a Q 3 & wy
oe Q@- 56858 ex 3s oO = oo oy
5335 268 es sstzoses Soe = #35 9 &
geSaeeseslsgeS SSE e 28 Bef SF B82 825
eateSSekePee82 25 & BEL22Es4 aq nee <= &
AR eheeeeeREERSS 2 Bebesze <2 ERE ES
o°0 § eo FB o % Ree ax DO's Mok I
& a3 See < & 3 =. 4 nove ZA
mepee 3 @v,esr-ygss 52 S208 3 €
&§s§s BEESS ES ER SES 2 SEBa ae SE a 359 YA
35 = ‘gH 2 < 7a
Beessees8ss ess pa masepiPeis Pa ees Pa &
A2e*assssqmausesess 5 <8sesSss § RHEE S 5
450545644 BeG@i6S &§ 2<<5SA2 2 ZEB EE


yl ASLSRRS HSSSgsaag 3 RESSRAF A Ss S| Zz
8 2a84s Heaeeada | ee aaesny FF ay a 3
oonga ANA D Oo oO ovwrt 2]
AL ALZSAS SSASFEES & SESZISLSS S Pay a] &
| as = SAHDGAM TS BF ANSaga mf Ha oy 4
8 on L o= on So Nae & N N= oa -)
5 = oat md a ot —| «a
1S)
“ e a “
rrDer vere eens Dg g a ~ of a
a
2 2 esi 2] 8 2} S | S| 2
Bu Ss Ss Lod 3 oS So vo} L wed
sg nS es 3 §/ 8s
Of - i) = -|] A
20 7 =
io)
1S)
F FA fA FA
= © we a ee eee ' ' iT
a" BRS gs} a's a 6g '| sl 8
Or od | Ly Re Sess NS Pe a ol
o [—} | tanh mon an rw a N Ne) n
. i on cr N
Bal BS 2, av g Te Bee
on vt N nN — _ _
clear!
ss
2
aa
rs e e a a
a SF 3 s| § $s s| §
aS & ss Ss | ss
eo s| Ss Ss
me AY Sa S| Ss Ss S| s
<q 4 Emo} a} a a ay a
al < Ma
Qo) Ss 2
a ov ies
a Z| g
Sa 4 3
wn Zia zn |
Be a <
[<2 te A fF A
19s
1S) [4 4 omoewn NmMADA Smell onliaried al om ' en ol oo Ao] S|] 2 1
a) a= ay n oo
age sg ESSE GSR828.488 | 8 ASS RF Se) Ss 3
Ss a aoPTNnD ANANH ao oS ¥~ Sot wo wl x) x .
q = J om ONO SSagcx ano oO Ann to «4 on a
al & eq} am = SSHe6r= SSE ] a SAS Ae} SF RA a
Zo & os oN ~~ o=- ~ + -c 6S A-) om] +
ae] £4 = a =| 8 | S| a
o| Fy Bi f=]
Ag g
v2)
jaa 8
Oo = wn” A! FA F
q
| &
Z| 5
Al g
é B
1S) 5 3
e 3 3
aR °o
|
° o is
a B g
re 3 z g
3 . € a &
1 c g I £
& 2 2 2 Bs Z
& 3 oO ‘S < rea)
37 = a |
o = > oO o n
sy 828 Fog g a
2 ©» 8. .gs 248 a <
bs 2 £seee s565 2 2 a
g> 3S 28888352 2 3 2
23 BS Seng gsceeg § g Zz
so 28 a SS 8 2 a s
30 5 s$FeSQBe 8 es & =
rg SE SRERS PBS ro¢ Z
22 >on r= 3 = Oe ’ 5 2
65 38 SuZeseesy iS 5 <
so 8 age SeRG BEE 2 8 a Zu nH
gs 2 ZSee2RR Say 3 8 & 28 &
Begesueesiszesee 2 2g £e8 G 832 3 §
B25 Bee 23368 & 33 37 3 = a
Ssregeiszueiseees QQ nss288 6 i-7) ae < fea)
4225S FR22332 6 Be 8 D Begeres <e&gk & =
SSERSSERZES SER ESE 2 EaSESES 5 BSE ZS
nayyyEes 3 & Su S5 -aUdSO Bg Eeue Qre
CEESESESZSEEeP eee 2 aezaREe 2 <838 2 2
3) te) ates B 7a) 2 a
Gagsesesedaezbehs § <8seES2 5 FEES 5
fo0<o<H Seah & A<<t<GF0Z & ZERP F


at nn —=— 4 ! oS To. wm) o* > &
a BE BE Bas ‘| & 285 Fe ase
s +tT4 at ona el ost a)
= SR SS BCS S| S$Se 8 GB S A A
8 aA So AA w fs)
=I
o
o A A
4 1 eS ie aig a ao. i) aa
» & S| & aa Sf GR as
3S < S | aw co} =} S Sl] a
at S gy & ota Ss gs &
Doe ol =
2
So
co)
nA Ff
ms — en | ee ae it <i «w - S
a S fe 2 a mn S| S|
Co Ss Roy a a} Sc Sl ao
Bai a * is & aS Sl A
ZA od oe!
3s
aa
|
an an A FA
ae 8 i oo ar eas ' eae poo ‘se
qs & | S| §|
aga ga s| $
Bae «9 <a) ala
a oO fe so
a <= a Xa
>| «| a =- 8
“na Oo & ge
qe a af
424k fa
7 3 3 <
oO a 2 “ “A A
42a at a! = on foal nwo! wl ol & &] + °
ao & gs 88 R B8as so 85 Hes a
a rw a wonaveo -} on =
Ge iF 88 F SSS Ho ES BS SG
oe g ge AA w aN a] ot
as > 2
4 9 2 &
a 5 2
Hoo cS
Wa 8 ° a
ao ™
2 2
5 S
bb £ ra
= R =
2 < 5 >
Eg $ 2 3 Zz mh
eq G8 & & & &
a og 2 2 & g = of
g 8) Gs 2 2 22 g2&
=] sé ae) 2 3 5
2 868 § 8 s 6A 2 a im
a Ze 23 a Z, 3 oe A a}
B ye €A & $8.24 < & o
2B gE £3 2 6 eexye 2S RZ
2g & a 2 i) a4 3s Sg2¢ 28 7
O.gs wu6o8 g ) g Psts @ 1 :
Ztas §eeg a a e28s8 & gg
ao oH 8 g Snow Rt 8&4 &
See eeS Eee se & an mas oP? 2 Baa
SaSeseeeege «= SEE 4 Oo GG
O33 25s268 co} aaees art = 4a <
geo eee oe Eg elOt gs &§ ee g
3 xe ° za)
aE 2 = 556 28 BE a Bb 22


a on oowxwr S nae _ a mn AN L ad
ia] - +O To i] ota _ i] co 3 eo
2 Or orice |F Sy Ons. “a BWESS SH S &. Syl a
Ss on woo owryo eo vw vTSO CO | wea i—) > SS oo
3 on ral xal a a iw —-e—) al zs] © Sl AN
3 Ck a Sy oe sal] Set ee a Bey
g io] + a foal a a
o
0
“ a
mo (e ')eerol + Ce) oS)
on cy SoS S| 2 a= oa} cf & S|
< a cl oS Sy OL. Si ay S ty Se
Ba = Sz] a aw Ss} =| oc rl Ss
32 S a a an 3 es o g
oO os)
24
3
1S)
“a «“
ey 7 oe tee al a B eh =
. | 2 Ss | a 8 g &
~ w al oo es} = ss] ¥
ee a + st S S al 6
B25 a w .-) r=) | Pal
4 ea
33)
2
aa
Aa _,
ze 8 ° ws
as 9 s soe oo8 toro noe ' 14 ' 1 ‘es S
ag & & S| Ss
7) pd 2 A S| $
ag <j a 26 Ql a
Dl a} a =
wo = 2
ao oo
4 2 & 5
a7 &
J a 4 ’
aaa |. d
d 4 9
Zz wl 4 7 tO co meankl o +t+h =| af - ol ce
73) 3 S$= 3rSSo| a aa CS} al a al uw
Z| 2 S an 4 AH WA! SD a a oa 4
ay Z| = ou Ss creat] wo ow a) tl = cl]
o — Ss J on ra) a NS} S eld on} el t+ sl N
el € me om od “7 4 3 4) Silex = oy
Ad * g2 a ms al a] = si]
aang "3
39 & a
Dl wv 3
eS =
oO} & “= A
eH! O
2 2
s 8
bb £ 4
=| S ” Ss
o
Ew a =) oe
BE 83 8 6 5
n ae! 2 2 s > o <
ie oe > 3 2 br} n w
DP ae 68S 3 2 ¢ € £2
> 68 £8 Boo # 2 QZ w
BP 2g 25 2 sf & 3 26
B Fe =. 2 oe Bou Ee aE g&
a 2 8B s & ¥ e822 2a 9 &
3 t 1
Zeae Ese SE 2 8252 2 2 2 ep
eg2e o28 GE pepseke es 2 EE
Sete u2e be, ££ 2 AA2EES PP GH aH wD
S2*388F eR 8 2 ge ww ZEesEsES oO 2 4
Ceosees5382.5 2 eS S858 2 Zz < <
ZBekOsAmMeRAOg, SS FPRAOCHK BSE FE oe
53 5 2 26 0 %e S 5 = 8 6
ak 4 & 63 2 ae a & O24 Z@
