/l.-ifi'bs
N A S H V I L L E
Document # 
License Date
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE
ACTING BY AND THROUGH THE AUTHORITY DELEGATED TO
THE F^GROUNDS
BY THE METROPOLITAN BOARD OF FAIR COMMISSIONS
THE FAIRGROUNDS LICENSE AGREEMENT
By and Between the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners ("Licensor") and Dixie Shows Tnc.
("Licensee") to Wit: The Licensor agrees to furnish the Licensee the use of the following premises:
Vaughn Building
building(s) as is, with its present lighting, and if available, toilet faculties, water, heat, and office space for
only the purpose of 
^
Dixie Childrens Show August 18-20,2018
1. Definitions.
a. "Concessionaire" means D&D Events, the contracted concessionaire/caterer of The
Fairgrounds.
b. "Licensor" means the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County acting
by and through the Metropolitan Board ofFair Commissioners.
c. "Licensee" or "Promoter" means the entity or person(s) who possesses the rights covered
herein as granted by the Licensor.
d. "Executive Duectof" or "Director" ineans the Executive Director of The Fairgrounds. The
Executive Director shall have full responsibility for the operation of The Fairgrounds and
shall act for and on behalf of Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County
and the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners in the management of The
Fairgrounds.
{N0068140.I) 
Page 1 of 14
ARCHIVE


"The Fairgrounds" or "Premises" describes the 117 acne property, bordered by Nolensville
Pike, Craighead Street, and Bransfbrd Avenue and Wedgewood Avenue owned by the
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and managed by the Metropolitan
Board of Fair Commissioners. The term "The Fairgrounds" may also be used in reference to
"the Licensor" as identified in section 1. a
'Tairgrounds Office" or "Fairgrounds Staff' means the Executive Director, Secretary, or
Fairgrounds employee charged with organizing the event on behalf of the Executive Director.
2. Term.
a. This license agreement becomes effective upon execution by all parties for use of the
premises beginning 08/17/18 and ending 08/20/18 .
b. Move-In Date: 08/17/18 
and Time: 12 PM
c. Move-Out Date: 08/20/18 and Time 8 PM
d. Event start date: 08/l 8/18 and Time TBD
e. Event end date: 08/20/18 and Time TBD
f. The dates and times set forth above shall control in the event of any conflict with any other
move-in and move-out provisions set forth in this Agreement.
3. Rent and Rates.
a. Rent: The Licensee agrees to pay the Licensor the sum of $5,739.00 
plus taxes,
equipment and misc. rentals for Ae use ofthe premises.
b. General Deposits: One-Half (Yz) of the total amount due is required as a non-refiindable
deposit upon signing this license agreement, and both the agreement & 
deposit must be
tendered within 10 business days after the License Date. A bank cashier's check for the
remaining balance is due before Move-In.
c. Clean Ut>- Fee Deposits. There is a refundable $1000.00 clean-up fee and damage deposit for
all events held in The Fairgrounds Speedway and Grandstands, Fair Park and Brown's Creek
Lot There is a refundable $500.00 clean-up and damage deposit per building rented. After
inspection, if no clean-up is required and there are no damages to the premises, flie deposit
referenced in fiiis subsection shall be retumed.
d. Move-In and Move-Out The Licensor will allow the Licensee a Yz day Move-In (hereinafter
"Move-In day") beginning at noon on the day before the first day of the term of this License as
listed in Section 2.a and 2.b. of this agreement It is understood by the Licensee that no other
use of the premises other than set-up will be permitted on Move-In days. The Licensee agrees
to pay to the Licensor "additional rent" equal to Yz day rental ^lereinafter "Additional
Rent") if the Licensee moves in before noon on move in day, or if the Licensee sells,
trades, opens to the public, displays, or swaps on Move-In day. Additional rent is also due
for each Yz day that the Licensee occupies the premises over and above the Move-In day, the
term ofthis License, or each Yz day the Licensee occupies the premises beyond midnight the last
day of the term of this License. (See Section 12 on Vacation and Surrender of Premises). All
rents shall be in the form of a bank cashier's check.
4. Building Layout The Licensee must submit a complete building diagram set up to The Fairgrounds
Office Staff at least 10 business days prior to the event in order to receive Metro Fire Marshal
^jproval. Failure to comply with this requirement may result in closure of the show or delayed opening
{N0068140.1} 
Page 2 of 14
ARCHIVE


of Ihe event The Licensee will assume fidl responsibility for obtaining Metro Fire Marshal approval on
diagrams not received in Fairgrounds oflBce 10 business days prior to the event A penalty will be
assessed of $50 per day until the approved diagram is receiv^ * There shaU be NO ELECTRICAL
CORDS on the ground where the public walks per Metro Codes Dept
5. Tnsnfietinn of Facilities. The Fairgrounds will perform a building and grounds walk-through
inspection with the Licensee to review the condition of the facilities, prior to turning the facilities
over for the Licensee's event Any pre-existing damage shall be noted and signed by both the
Licensee and the Licensor. If appropriate, photogr^hs may also be taken. A post event walk
through shall also be conducted by The Fairgroimds. The licensee is flee to participate in said
walk-through.
6. Protection of The Fairgrounds' Property. The licensee agrees to retum to its former condition
that part of the premises used by the Licensee and to remove aU equipment such as floors, booths,
platforms, and wiring erected by the Licensee. The Licensee flirther agrees to pay the cost of any
and all installations made, and is accountable for all tables, chairs, and miscellaneous items rented.
7. Financial Responsibility for total Repair and Clean-up Costs.
a. Licensee shall be financially responsible for all clean-up and/or damages to The
Fairgrounds and damage to or loss of any of the property or equipment of The Fairgrounds
that exceed the deposit amount(s) referenced in subsection (3)(c); and/or injury to any
person resulting fom the activities or use of The Fairgrounds by the Licensee or
Licensee's representatives, employees, agents, vendors, contractors, members, suppliers
and attendees.
b. The Licensee shall be financially responsible for the costs of repairing any damage done to
fairgrounds buildmgs, roads, grass lots, fencing or other property caused by Licensee or
their representatives, employees, agents, vendors, contractors, members, suppliers and
attendees.
c. The usage of tape or adhesives results in chipped and damaged paint on the premises and,
therefore, neither tape nor similar adhesive shaU be placed on walls or doors. Costs to
repair tape and adhesive damage to walls and doors will be charged to the Licensee. Use of
confetti is prohibited.
d. If there is damage to turf due to, but not limited to, the movement of large equipment,
garbage dumpsters, stages, crowds, or other vehicles and equipment, site restoration must
include, but is not limited to, leveling, aerification, overseeeding, and fertilization.
Restoration plan must be ^proved by The Fairgrounds prior to beginning any work.
e. The Fairgjnunds will not accept the assignment of insurance benefits for such repairs. In
the event of damage, the Licensee shall be given photographs of the damaged property and
a bill for the cost of the repairs. Licensee will then have 14 business days fl-om the date that
the repair charges are presented to the Licensee to render their payment in fiiU to the
Licensee. If legal action is required to collect the repair costs from the Licensee, the
Licensee shall also pay for such resulting legal fees and court costs.
f. The provisions of this Section 7 and Section 33 herein below shall not apply to the
contributory extent of the negligence or wrongful acts of Licensor or its agents, employees
or representatives.
{N0068I40.1) 
Page 3 of 14
ARCHIVE


8. Insurance.
a. The licensee agrees to furnish broad form comprehensive general liability insurance in
the amount of $1,000,000.00 and property damage coverage in the amount of
$25,000.00.
b. Automobile liability is required in the amount of 1,000,000 (if the contractor will be
making deliveries on site or loading/unloading on site).
c. Licensee shall maintain workers' compensation insurance with statutory limits required
by the State of Tennessee or other applicable laws and Employer's Liability Insurance
with limits of no less than 100,000 dollars, as required by the laws of Tennessee (not
required for companies with fewer than 5 employees).
d. The policy is to be written so as to name as "additional insured" and protect
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, the Board of Fair
Commissioners, it officers, agents, servants, employees, and the Executive Director fi-om
loss or liability and is to be delivered to the office of the Executive Director prior to taking
possession of the premises by the Licensee.
e. Further, the Licensee shall indemnify, exonerate, insure, and hold harmless the Licensor
fi-om any and all claims for damages, losses, or injuries, resulting from, arising out of, or in
any way connected with, directly or indirectly, the use of the premises, whether said
claims be made by employees, agents, or servants of the parties hereto or by third parties,
except such damages, losses or injuries, as may result solely fi-om negligence by the
Licensor. Licensee further agrees to defend Licensor in any legal proceedings or to pay
Licensor its reasonable attomey fees for defending itself against any such claim.
f. The policy shall begin coverage at Move-In time and be carried through Move-Out
time.
Securitv. The Licensee agrees to furnish a Security Plan to The Fairgrounds at least 30 days prior
to the event and include sufficient security officers and/or police officers to maintain law and order.
Certain events may be required to have a minimum number of Metro Police Officers to be paid for
by the Licensee for traffic control.
9. Vacation of Premises and Surrender.
a. All events held outside the buildmgs on Monday-Thursday & 
Sunday nights must end no
later than 10 p.m. All events held outside on Friday & 
Saturday ni^ts must end no later
than 11 p.m. All events held inside the buildings must end no later than 11:00 p.m. GST.
Licensee will be charged a penalty not less than 25% of the rental cost per additional hour
fee/per building or facility if the event end times are not adhered to or the facilities are not
vacated of all persons by the time specified in section 2.
b. If Licensee fails to surrender the premises to The Fairgrounds at the expiration of the term
for use stated herein, then The Fairgrounds may remove from the premises all effects
remaining therein and store the same wherever it sees fit at Licensee's cost, expense, and
risk. The Fairgrounds shall not be liable to Licensee for removing and storing such effects.
For such additional periods as any effects of Licensee remain at The Fairgrounds, Licensee
shall pay The Fairgrounds double the rate for the space. In addition. Licensee shall be
liable to The Fairgrounds for any claim or damages suffered by The Fairgrounds resulting
fi-om Licensee's failure to surrender the premises to The Fairgrounds in as good condition
as Licensee received the same.
10. Cancellation. No event cancellations will be accepted by The Fairgrounds except as provided in
Sections 12 and 45 of this license. Licensee shall be responsible for 100% of the rent on all
{N0068140.1} 
Page 4 of 14
ARCHIVE


licensed premises regardless of actual use or occupancy. This license shall not be signed for a term
in excess of one year fiom the contract date.
11. Termination. Should Licensee feil to fulfill in a timely and proper manner its obligations under
this license or if it should violate any terms of this license, the Licensor shall have the ri^t to
immediately terminate the license. Such termination shall not relieve Licensee of any liability to
the Licensor for damages sustained by virtue of any breach by Licensee. Should funding for this
contract be discontinued, the Licensor shall have the right to terminate this license immediately
upon written notice to Licensee. The Licensor may terminate this license at any time upon thirty
(30) days written notice to Licensee.
12. Default by Licensee. Licensee shall be in default ofthis agreement: 1) if it fails to pay any amounts
due under this License, 2) if it breaches any provision ofthis License or of any rules and regulations
promulgated by The Fairgrounds, 3) if it violates any applicable federal, state, or local laws during
its use of the premises, or 4) if it should dissolve or cease doing business, become insolvent or
bankrupt Upon default by Licensee, The Fairgrounds may in its sole discretion:
a. Terminate the contract immediately, and declare the entire License fee for the balance of
the term due and payable.
b. Reenter and relet the property or any part thereof, or operate the same, for the balance of
the Term, receive rents there fiom and apply them first to expenses of making necessary
repairs to the premises, attorney's fees, and all other reasonable expenses of Fairgrounds in
reentering the premises and reletting the premises, and second, to the payment of the
license fee hereunder.
c. Terminate this license by giving Licensee written notice of termination, which shall not
excuse breaches of this License, having already occurred. Upon termination, the relation
of the parties shall be the same as if the term had fully expired and the said Fairgrounds
may reenter the premises and remove all persons there fix)m and resort to any legal
proceedings to obtain possession and Licensee shall, notwithstanding such reentry, pay the
fiill amount of said rental as herein agreed to be paid together with any other costs,
expenses, or damages incurred by The Fairgrounds as result of breach ofthis Agreement.
d. Pursue any other remedies available to the Licensor eitiier at law or eqiuty. Licensor shall
be under no obligation to relet the Premises.
13. Default bv The Fairg-ounds. The Fairgrounds shall be in default of this License if it fails to
provide the Premises at the time required by this License. In the event of default by The
Fairgrounds the liability of The Fairgrounds shall be limited to the return to the Licensee of the
unearned rent paid to The Fairgrounds under this License.
14. Maintenance of Records. Licensee shall maintain documentation for all charges against the
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County. The books, records, and documents
of Licensee, insofar as they relate to work performed or money received under the license
agreement, shall be maintained for a period of three (3) fiill years fi-om the date of final payment
and will be subject to audit, at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by the Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County or its didy appointed representatives. The records
shall be maintained in accordance with generally accepted accoimting principles.
15. Modification of Contract This contract may be modified only by written amendment executed
by all parties and their signatories hereto.
16. Partnership/Joint Venture. Nothing herein shall in any way be constmed or intended to create a
partnership or joint venture between the parties or to create fte relationship of principal and agent
{N0068140.1} 
Page 5 of 14
ARCHIVE


between or among any of the parties. None of the parties hereto shall hold itself out in a manner
contrary to the terms of this paragraph. No party shall become liable for any representation, act or
omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph.
17. Tiike Shows. Significantly Similar Shows: It is the desire of The Fairgrounds to have a
complimentary mix of entertainment events for the mirtual benefit of the public and the promoters.
Events that are of a significantly similar nature may affect attendance and/or ^peal to the
public. Therefore. The Fairgrounds reserves the right to require a reasonable neriod of time
hetween scheduling events that are sipoificflntlv similar in nature.
18. Concessions. The Fairgroimds reserves for itself, its agents, contractors, or concessionaires the
sole right to the following sales and services: sales and serving of all food, beverages (alcoholic
& 
non-alcoholic). Sales and serving of all food and beverages (alcoholic and non-alcoholic) must
utilize the. Concessionaire as contracted by the Metropolitan Government. The Fairgrounds will
initiate and facilitate contact between the Licensee and Concessionaire for event planning
purposes. If the Concessionaire is unable or imwilling to provide service based on reasonable
request as determined by The Fairgrounds, an alternative vendor, properly licensed by the TABC
an^or permitted Metro Beer Permit Board may be engaged upon written authorization by The
Fairgrounds to the Licensee.
^a. Licensee 
will 
need 
Beer/Alcoholic 
Beverages served 
at 
the
event: Yes 
No X
b. By entering into this License Agreement, Licensee hereby represents and warrants that it
/y 
will neither furnish beer/alcoholic beverages to the public, guests, and/or invitees nor
{Y' 
allow such to be brought onto the property except as provided in Section!8. a. above.
c. NO BOOTHS or EXHIBITS are allowed to be within 10 ft. of any the concession
stand.
19. Utilities. The Fairgrounds will provide (if available inside buildings) customary lighting, heating,
air conditioning, and water at no additional cost to the Licensee. There shall be a charge for using
electric wall outlets for use inside buildings. Authorized use of outdoor utilities shall be priced in
advanced and noted in an addendum to this agreement
20. Portable Restrnoms. The Licensee is responsible for providing sufiBcient portable restrooms and
hand washing stations or sanitizing stations to accommodate the size of the event One portable
restroom for every ICQ people is required for all special events that do not provide beverages and
one portable restroom for eveiy 50 people is required for special events providing beverages.
Handwashing or sanitizing stations are required for every 150 people. Portable restrooms must be
provided by event organizer if estimated attendance exceeds the capacity of available restroom
facilities within the footprint ofthe event
21. Parking Fees. The Fairgrounds reserves the ri^t to charge a parking fee for all events held at The
Fairgrounds..
22. Licenses and Taxes. Licensee shall obtain at its own expense all licenses and permits required by
law, and Licensee shall pay all taxes, fees, and charges required by any governmental aufliority in
coimection with its use ofthe premises.
23. Lien. The Licensee hereby grants to The Fairgrounds a first lien on all property of the Licensee,
whether fiom ticket sales or any other source, to secure the payment of rent taxes, charges or
damages herein covenanted to be paid by the Licensee, for the purpose of securing the performance
of any and all covenants, conditions, or obligations arising under this License. In the event of
{N0068140.1) 
Page 6 of 14
ARCHIVE


default The Fairgrounds may take possession of any and all of said property including box office
receipts and hold the same until such default has been remedied, and if not remedied or satisfied
within ten (10) days of such default The Fairgrounds may advertise said property or properties for
sale and upon such sale apply the proceeds to the satisfaction of any amounts due The Fairgrounds
and shall pay to the Licensee any sums remaining. This remedy is not exclusive, and The
Fairgrounds may at its discretion pursue any qjpropriate remedy to recover aU or any deficits
remaining on the above mentioned rents, charges, and other sums.
24. Control The Fairgrounds reserves the right throughout the Term to control the operation and
management of the premises. The Fairgrounds Executive Director and staff have the right to enter
the premises at any time for any purpose, including removal of any person who, in the sole
judgment, of the Executive Director or designated assistants, is disrupting or obstructing the proper
operation and management ofthe premises.
25. Use of Premises. The Executive Director and staff may use any part of the premises during Move-
In, during Move-Out, and at any time Licensee is not actively using the particular part of the
premises, so long as the Executive Director's use does not interfere with the Licensee's use.
26. Haaardous ProDertv. Licensee shall not bring upon the premises any exhibit, equipment or
vehicles which, in the sole reasonable judgment of Ae Executive Director, would be or might be
dangerous to persons or property or otherwise incompatible with the stracture, systems, and
furnishings of Ae premises.
27. Copyrights. Royalties, and Trademarks. Licensee warrants that no music, literary or artistic
work or other property protected by copyri^ted will be performed, reproduced or used, nor will
the name of any entity protected by trademark be reproduced or used during Licensee's use of the
premises unless Licensee has obtained written permission fi-om the trademark or copyright holder.
Licensee covenants to comply strictly with all laws respecting copyright, royalties, and trademarks
and warrants that it will not infiinge any related statutoiy, common law, or the right of any person
during its use of the premises. Licensee will indemnify and hold The Fairgrounds and its officers,
agents, and employees harmless fijom all claims, losses and damages (including court costs and
attorney fees) with respect to such copyright, royalty, or trademark rights.
28. Abandoned Property. Any property remaining on the premises or any property stored by The
Fairgrounds, which has not been claimed by Licensee within ten (10) days after ftie expiration of
the term, shall be deemed abandoned by Licensee. At the The Fairgrounds' option. The
Fairgrounds may: 1) take possession of it and treat it as its own property and utilize it, or destroy it
or otherwise dispose of it, or 2) 
store it at the Licensee's sole cost, expense, and risk. The Licensee
hereby waives any right to claim the value thereof or damages therefore. The Licensee shall be
liable to The Fairgrounds for: 1) the cost incurred by The Fairgrounds in disposing of or destroying
the abandoned property and, 2) the cost of storing it if The Fairgrounds elects to store it for the
Licensee.
29. Waiver. No waiver by either party of any default shall operate as a waiver of any other default, or
the same default on a future occasion. No delay or omission by either party in exercising any right
or remedy shall operate as a waiver thereof, and no single or partial exercise of a ri^t or remedy
shall prelude any other further exercise thereof, or the exercise of any other right or reme<ty.
{N0068140.1) 
Page 7 of 14
ARCHIVE


30. TJcensec's Assumntion of Responsibility. Licensee expressly assumes full responsibility for all
persons connected with Licensee's use of the premises, including all its employees, agents,
members, invitees, and licensees.
31. TnHeiniiificatioii and Hold Harmless. 
The Licensee agrees to indemnify, exonerate, insure,
defend, and save harmless the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners and any employee,
agent, or servant of The Fairgrounds or the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson
County of losses, or injuries, resulting from, growing out of, or in any way connected with, directly,
or indirectly, the use of the premises, whether said claims arise out of, including, without
limitations, the acts and/or omissions of its employees, agents, independent contractors, or third
parties. To the extent of the proceeds received by the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners
and the Metropolitan Government under any insurance furnished for the benefit of the Metropolitan
Board of Fair Commissioners by Licensee, the obligation to indemnify and save harmless the
Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners and the Metropolitan Government against the subject
matter of said insurance shall be deemed to be satisfied pro tan to. This Section 33 is subject to
Section 7(e) herein above.
32. Release of Tiiahilitv. The parties agree that the individual members of the Metropolitan Board of
Fair Commissioners and any employee, agent, or servant of The Fairgrounds or Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County assume no personal responsibility for the making
of this License. The parties further release all individual members of the Metropolitan Board of
Fair Commissioners, and any employee, agent, or servant of The Fairgrounds or Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County, from any personal liability growing out of or
concerning the making of this License.
33. Time of Essence. Time is of the essence of this License. If the deposit and signed license
agreement is not received within 10 business days of the contract date. Licensor reserves the
right to cancel the event and terminate this license and/or license the building(s) for use by another
party.
34. Contingent Fees. Licensee agrees that Licensee has not been retained or retained any persons to
solicit or secure a Metro contract upon an agreement or understanding for a contingent commission,
percentage, or brokerage fee, except for retention of bona fide employees or bona fide established
commercial selling agencies for the purpose of securing business. Breach of the provisions of this
paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of the ethical standards which may
result in civil or criminal sanctions and/or debarment or suspension fiem being a licensee under
Metro contracts.
35. EmDiovment Licensee affirms fiiat it does not subscribe to any personnel policy that permits or
allows for the promotion, demotion, dismissal, or laying off of any individual due to race, creed,
color, national origin, age, sex, or handicapping condition. No person shall be excluded fiom
participation in, be denied benefits of, be discriminated against in the admission or access to, or be
discriminated against in treatment or employment in the Metropolitan Government of Nashville
and Davidson County's contracted programs or activities, on the grounds of handicap and/or
disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other classification protected by
federal or Tennessee State Constitutional or statutory law; nor shall they be excluded from
participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination in the
performance of contracts with the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County or
in the employment practices of Metro's Licensees. Accordingly, all Licensees entering into
agreements with Licensor shall, upon request, be required to show proof of such nondiscrimination
(N0068140.1) 
Page 8 of 14
ARCHIVE


and to post in conspicuous places that are available to all employees and ^plicants, notices of
nondiscrimination.
36. Ethical Standards. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or agree to
give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to solicit,
demand, accept or agree to accept fiom another person, a gratuity or an offer of employment in
connection with any decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation, preparation of any part of a
program requirement or a purchase request, influencing the content of any specification or
procurement standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any other advisory capacity
in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or controversy or other
particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or subcontract or to any
solicitation or proposal therefore. Breach of the provisions of this paragraph is, in addition to a
breach of this contract, a breach of ethical standard which may result in civil or criminal sanction
and/or debarment or suspension fi"om being a contractor under the Metropolitan Government of
Nashville and Davidson County contracts.
37. Assignment Consent Required. The provision of this License shall inure to the benefit of and be
binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Neither this license nor any
of the rights and obligations ofthe Licensee hereunder shall be assigned or transferred in whole or in part
to any person, firm, or corporation without the prior written consent of the Licensor, which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld. Any such assignment or transfer shall not relieve licensee fiom
obligations hereunder. Any approved assignee shall assume each and every obligation of Licensee
hereunder, and Licensor may contract with or accept monies fiom any such assignees without waiving
any of its rights hereunder.
38. Compliance with Laws. Licensee agrees that every person connected with Licensee's occupancy
and use of premises covered by this license agreement shall abide by, conform to, and comply with
all laws of the United States and the State of Tennessee, and all of the ordinances of the
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, together with the rules, regulations,
and policies of Licensor for the government and management of said premises. Licensee agrees to
follow all resolutions and policies of the Board of Fair Commissioners in place at the time of
the event Licensee will not do, or suffer to be done, anything on said premises during the term of
this License Agreement in violation of any such laws, ordinances, rules, or regulations, and if the
attention of the Licensor is called to such violation on the part of the Licensee or any person
employed or admitted to the premises by said Licensee, said Licensee will immediately
desist from and correct such violation.
39. Iran Divestment Act In accordance with the Iran Divestment Act, Tennessee Code Annotated
§12-12-101 et seq.. Licensee certifies that to the best of its knowledge and belief, neither Licensee
nor any of its subcontractors are on the list created pursuant to Tennessee Code Annotated §12-12-
106. Misrepresentation may result in civil and criminal sanctions, including contract termination,
debarment, or suspension fi-om being a Licensee, Contractor, or subcontractor under Metro
contracts.
40. Governing Law. The laws of the State of Tennessee shall control the validity, construction and
effect ofthis License and also any extension and/or modifications of it.
41. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, ^ve or
agree to give any employee or former employee to solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept fi-om
another person, a gratuity or an offer of employment in cormection witii any decision, approval,
disapproval, recommendation, preparation of any part of a program requirement or a purchase
{N0068140.1} 
Page 9 of 14
ARCHIVE


request, influencing the content of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice,
investigation, auditing or in any other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request
for ruling, determination, claim or controversy or other particular matter, concerning any program
requirement of a contract, or sub-contract or to any solicitation or proposal thereof. It shall be a
breach of ethical standards to make any payment, gratuity, or offer of employment, by or for a sub
contractor under a contract to the prime contractor or hi^er tier subcontractor or any person
associated therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order.
42. Force Maieure. If the premises or any part of The Fairgrounds is destroyed or damaged by fire or
any other cause, or if any other casualty or unforeseen occurrence renders the fulfillment of this
License by The Fairgrounds impossible, the Licensee shall be liable for rent which has accrued
only at the time of termination, provided, however, if such impossibility of performance shall be
due to the act or omissions of Licensee, its agents, employees, members, licensees, or invitees, then
the Licensee shall be liable for the entire rent charged hereunder as well as all accrued charges in
addition to such other damages as may result fiom such acts or omissions. Licensee hereby waives
any claim for damages or compensation fiom The Fairgrounds on account of such termination.
43. Severabilitv. Should any court of competent jurisdiction declare any provision of this License
invalid, then, such provision shall be severed and shall not affect the validity of the remaining
provisions ofthis License.
44. Entire Agreement This License constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and
superseded all previous understandings. This License may not be modified except by written
consent of the parties hereto.
45. Logos and Trademarks. The Fairgrounds in its sole discretion may require prominent placement
of its logo on any and all promotional materials, whether print or digital, related to your special
event The unauthorized use of "The Fairgroxmds" trademarks and logos is strictly prohibited.
46. Sienage. All signage must be in accordance with The Fairground signage policies as approved by
the Board of Fair Commissioners. Any and all signage inconsistent with the approv^ policy is
prohibited. All signage must be approved prior to installation and must be removed within one (1)
hour ofthe close of the event
47. Shipping. The Fairgrounds will not be responsible for the acceptance and/or storage of any
shipments relating to the event
48. Brown's Creek. Licensor shall conduct no activities resulting in discharge to or harmful impact to
Brown's Creek. The Metropolitan Stormwater Department is authorized to inspect property and
require the discontinuance of any activities that could result in harmful or hazardous impact to
Brown's Creek or activities found to be harmful to public health safety and welfare generally as it
relates to Brown's Creek or stormwater run-off.
49. Residual Matters. Any matters, not expressly covered by this License or by applicable rules and
regulations adopted by The Fairgrounds shaJl be determined by the Executive Director's sole
discretion.
50. Exhibits. Exhibits A, B, and C 
are attached to this license agreement and incorporated herein.
51. Notices and Designation of Agent for Service of Process.
(N0068140.1} 
Page 10 of 14
ARCHIVE


a. Notice of to the Licensor concerning this license shall be delivered to:
The Fairgrounds Nashville Shipping by FED-X ,UPS & 
DHL;
P.O. Box 40208 
624 Smith Ave.
Nashville, TN 37204 
Nashville, Tn.
Phone: (615) 862-8994 
37203
Fax; (615) 862-8992 
ifquestions caU 615-862-8980
*We will ONLY accept the week ofevent
b. Notices to Licensee shall be delivered to:
Licensee: Dixie Shows Inc.
Atfn: Janice Fetner
Address: PO Box 159022, Nashville, TN 37215
c. Licensee hereby designates the following as the Licensee's agent for service of process
and will waive any objection to service of process if process is served upon this agent
Designated Agent: Dbde Shows Ic.
Atfn: Janice Fetner
Address: PO Box 159022. Nashville.TN 37215
52. Additional Provisions;
None
(This Space Is Intentionally Left Blank)
{N0068140.1} 
Page 11 of 14
ARCHIVE


53. EFFECTIVE DATE. This license shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed first
by the Licensee and then by the authorized representathres of the Metropolitan Government When it
has been so signed, this license shall be effective as of the date first wiitten above.
{N0068I40.1} 
Page 12 of 14
ARCHIVE


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the patties have executed iheit signatures as of the date first above
written.
LICENSOR;
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY,
TENNESSEE BY AND THROUGH
THRBOARD OF FAIR COMMISSIONERS
LICENSEE:
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY
OFJUNDS:
Talia Lomax-O'dneal
Director of Finance
APPROVED AS TO INSURANCE
REQUIREMENTS:
/
Direcrai^f Insurance
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND
LEGALITY:
Metropolitan Attorney
Sworn to and subscribjed to before me,
aTJotary Public, this IJP day of
iklLX 
,2018, by
5
fik-rr 
,the
of Licensee and
lulv authorized to e^cute this instrument (
duly authorized to
o
behalf of Dixie Shows Inc.
n
iNoiary Public 
— 
i / /
My Commission Expires \\jb'S/j ^
Filed with the Metropolitan Clerk: 
A
Metropolitan Clerk
notary
<2 V2X public yA/^
{N0068140.1}
Page 13 of 14
ARCHIVE


DIXISHO-01
BFLETCHER
CERTIFICATE OF LIABILITY INSURANCE
DATE (MM/DD/YYYY)
02/06/2018
THiS CERTIFiCATE IS ISSUED AS A MATTER OF INFORMATION ONLY AND CONFERS NO RIGHTS UPON THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER. THIS
CERTIFICATE DOES NOT AFFIRMATIVELY OR NEGATIVELY AMEND, EXTEND OR ALTER THE COVERAGE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES
BELOW. THIS CERTIFICATE OF INSURANCE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A CONTRACT BETWEEN THE ISSUING iNSURER(S), AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OR PRODUCER, AND THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER.
IMPORTANT: If the certificate holder is an ADDITIONAL INSURED, the poiicy(ies) must have ADDITIONAL INSURED provisions or be endorsed.
If SUBROGATION IS WAIVED, subject to the terms and conditions of the policy, certain policies may require an endorsement A statement on
this certificate does not confer rights to the certificate holder in lieu of such endorsement(s).
PRODUCER
Nashville (BVC) / AssuredPartners NL
840 Crescent Centre Drive, Suite 300
Franklin, TN 37067
CONTACT Brenda Fletcher
phone 
I FAX
(A/C, No, Ext); 
1 (A/C. No):
AiSoRkss: brenda.fletcher@assuredpartners.com
INSURERIS) AFFORDING COVEFiAGE
NAIC#
INSURER A: Cincinnati insurance Comoanv
10677
INSURED
Dixie Shows Inc
P 0 
Box 159022
Nashville, TN 37215-9022
INSURER B :
INSURER C:
INSURER D:
INSURER E:
INSURER F:
THIS IS TO CERTIFY THAT THE POLICIES OF INSURANCE LISTED BELOW HAVE BEEN ISSUED TO THE INSURED NAMED ABOVE FOR THE POLICY PERIOD
INDICATED. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY REQUIREMENT, TERM OR CONDITION OF ANY CONTRACT OR OTHER DOCUMENT WITH RESPECT TO WHICH THIS
CERTIFICATE MAY BE ISSUED OR MAY PERTAIN, THE INSURANCE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES DESCRIBED HEREIN IS SUBJECT TO ALL THE TERMS
EXCLUSIONS AND CONDITIONS OF SUCH POLICIES. LIMITS SHOWN MAY HAVE BEEN REDUCED BY PAID CLAIMS.
INSR
LTR
TYPE OF INSURANCE
ADDL
INSD
SUBR
WVD
POLICY NUMBER
POUCY EPF
/MM/DD/YYYY^
POUCY EXP
/MM/DD/YYYY>
LIMITS
A
X
COMMERCIAL GEINERAL LIABILITY
DE 1 X 
1 OCCUR
X
ENP 0310681
02/01/2018
02/01/2019
EACH OCCURRENCE
5
 1,000,000
CLAIMS-MA[
DAMAGE TO RENTED
PREMISES /Ea occurrenceV
S
 100,000
MED EXP (Anv one oersbn)
$
 5,000
PERSONAL & ADV INJURY
s
 1,000,000
GEr
X
AGGREGATE LIMIT APPLIES PER:
POLICY [_| 
J LOO
OTHER:
GENERALAGGREGATE
3
 2,000,000
PRODUCTS - COMP/OP AGG
3
 2,000,000
$
AU1OMOBILE LIABILITY
COMBINED SINGLE LIMIT
/Ea accidents
$
ANY ALITO
OWNED
AUTOS ONLY
HIRED
AUTOS ONLY
SCHEDULED
AUTOS
NON-OWNED
AUTOS ONLY
BODILY INJURY /Per person)
s
BODILY INJURY /Per acddent) s
PROPERTY DAMAGE
/Per acadent)
s
s
UMBRELLA LIAB
EXCESS LIAB
OCCUR
CLAIMS-MADE
EACH OCCURRENCE
s
AGGREGATE
$
.DED 
RETENTION $
$
WORKERS COMPENSATION
AND EMPLOYERS'LIABILITY 
y/n
ANY PROPRIETOR/PARTNER/EXECUTIVE j 
1
OFFICER/MEMBER EXCLUDED?
(Mandatoryln NH) 
' '
If yes, describe under
DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS below
N/A
PER 
OTH-
STATIJTF 
ER
E.L. EACH ACCIDENT
s
E.L DISEASE - EA EMPLOYEE $
E.L. DISEASE - POLICY LIMIT
s
DESCRIPTION. OF OPERATIONS 1 LOCATIONS/VEHICLES (ACORD 101, Additional Remarks Schedule, may be attached If more space Is required)
If required by written contract, Metropolitan Government and The Fairgrounds Nashviile, its officlais, officers, employees and volunteers are named as
Additional Insured as respects General Liability coverage.
General Liability policy has been endorsed to provide 30 Day Notice of Cancellation to certificatehoider
CERTIFICATE HOLDER
CANCELLATION
The Fairgrounds
MMro Government of Nashville and Davidson County
the board of Fair Commissioners
625 Smith Ave.
Nashville, TN 37203
SHOULD ANY OF THE ABOVE DESCRIBED POLICIES BE CANCELLED BEFORE
THE EXPIRATION DATE THEREOF, NOTICE WILL BE DELIVERED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE POLICY PROVISIONS.
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
ACORD 25(2016/03)
© 1988-2016 ACORD CORPORATION. All rights reserved.
The ACORD name and iogo are registered marks of ACORD
ARCHIVE
