4A -3/074

Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and

Organized Neighbors of Edgehill/Edgehill Family Resource Center

Contract # & ~3 14 5 March 12, 2014

GRANT CONTRACT
BETWEEN THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
AND
Organized Neighbors of Edgehill

This Grant Contract issued and entered into pursuant to RS2013-881by and between the Metropolitan

Government of Nashville and Davidson County, a municipal corporation of the State of Tennessee

hereinafter referred to as “Metro”, and Organized Neighbors of Edgehill, hereinafter referred to as the

“Recipient,” is for the provision of, “benefitting the health of community residents by providing access to

fresh, healthy, locally grown fruits and vegetables,” as further defined in the "SCOPE OF PROGRAM."

The recipient’s audit is incorporated herein by reference.

A. SCOPE OF PROGRAM:

A.1. The Recipient shall use the funds to provide services to the citizens of DavidsonCounty.
Incorporated into this contract is the program described in Attachment 1, the application
submitted by the Recipient and any of its amendments, which is attached hereto and made a part
thereof. The Recipient shall work toward the following outcomes:

“To develop a large group of intergenerational gardeners made up of Edgehill Youth Leadership Advisory
Council members and senior from the community, providing funds for seeds, equipment and
other supplies for all residents working at the garden.”

A2. These funds shall be expended consistent with the proposed budget, included in Attachment 1.
The Recipient shall collect data to evaluate the effectiveness of their services and provide those
results to Metro as requested.

A.3. The recipient shall utilize Metro funding only for services the Recipient provides to documented
residents of DavidsonCounty. Documentation of residency shall be established with a recent
utility bill; voter's registration card; driver's license or other government issued-ID; current record
from a school showing address;affidavit by landlord; or affidavit by a nonprofit treatment, shelter,
half-way house, or homeless assistance entity located within DavidsonCounty. Utilization of
Metro funding for services to non-DavidsonCounty residents is unallowable.

A4. Additionally, the recipient shall collect data on the primary county of residence of the clients it
serves and provide that data to Metro, upon request.

B. GRANT CONTRACT TERM:

B.1. Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant shall be for a period of ten (10) months,
commencing on July 1, 2013and ending on April 30, 2014. Metro shall have no obligation for
services rendered by the Recipient which are not performed within this term.

C. PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

C.1._ Maximum Liability. In no event shall the maximum liability of Metro under this Grant Contract
exceed $2,800.00dollars (two thousand eight hundred). The proposed budget, attached and
incorporated herein as part of Attachment 1, shall constitute the maximum amount to be provided
to the Recipient by Metro for all of the Recipient's obligations hereunder. The proposed budget

line items include, but are not limited to, all applicable taxes, fees, overhead, and all other direct
and indirect costs incurred or to be incurred by the Recipient.
1


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and

Organized Neighbors of Edgehill/Edgehill Family Resource Center

Contract # L-3/¢.5 March 12, 2014
This amount shall constitute the Grant Amount and the entire compensation to be provided to the
Recipient by Metro.

C.2. | Compensation Firm. The maximum liability of Metro is not subject to escalation for any reason.
The Grant proposed budget amount is firm for the duration of the Grant Contract and is not
subject to escalation for any reason unless the grant contract is amended.

C.3. | Payment Methodology. The Recipient shall be compensated for actual costs based upon the
proposed budget, not to exceed the maximum liability established in Section C.1.

Upon progress toward the completion of the work, as described in Section A of this Grant
Contract, the Recipient shall submit invoices to demonstrate that the funds are used as required
by this Grant, prior to any payment for allowable costs. Such invoices shall be submitted and
indicate at a minimum the amount charged by proposed budget line-item for the period invoiced,
the amount charged by line-item to date, the total amount charged for the period invoiced, and
the total amount charged under this Grant Contract to date.
All invoices shall be sent to Metro Payment Services, PO Box 196301, Nashville TN 37219-
6301.Said payment shall not exceed the maximum liability of this Grant Contract.
Final invoices for the contract period should be received by Metro Payment Services by May 14,
2014. Any invoice not received by the deadline date will not be processed and all remaining
grant funds will expire.

C.4. Expenditure Report.The Recipient shall submit a final grant Expenditure Report at the end of the
Grant Contract. Said report shall be in form and substance acceptable to Metro and shall be
prepared by the Chief Financial Officer of the Recipient Organization.

C.5. Paymentof Invoice. The payment of any invoice by Metro shall not prejudice Metro’s right to
object to the invoice or any matter in relation thereto. Such payment by Metro shall neither be
construed as acceptance of any part of the work or service provided nor as an approval of any of
the costs included therein.

C.6.  Unallowable Costs. The Recipient's invoice shall be subject to reduction for amounts included in
any invoice or payment theretofore made which are determined by Metro, on the basis of audits
or monitoring conducted in accordance with the terms of this Grant Contract, to constitute
unallowable costs. Utilization of Metro funding for services to non-DavidsonCounty residents is
unallowable.

C.7. | Deductions. Metro reserves the right to adjust any amounts which are or shall become due and
payable to the Recipient by Metro under this or any Contract by deducting any amounts which are
or shall become due and payable to Metro by the Recipient under this or any Contract.

C.8. Travel Compensation. Payment to the Recipient for travel, meals, or lodging shall be subject to
amounts and limitations specified in Metro’s Travel Regulations and subject to the Grant
proposed budget.

C.9. Electronic Payment. Metro requires as a condition of this contract that the Recipient shall
complete and sign Metro's form authorizing electronic payments to the Recipient. Recipients who
have not already submitted the form to Metro will have thirty (30) days to complete, sign, and
return the form. Thereafter, all payments to the Recipient, under this or any other contract the
Recipient has with Metro, must be made electronically.

2


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and

Organized Neighbors of Edgehill/Edgehill Family Resource Center

Contract # ee ESTES | March 12, 2014

D. STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

D.1. | Required Approvals. Metro is not bound by this Grant Contract until it is approved by the
appropriate Metro representatives as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.

D.2. Modification and Amendment. This Grant Contract may be modified only by a written amendment
that has been approved in accordance with all Metro procedures and by appropriate legislation of
the Metropolitan Council.

D.3. Termination for Cause. Should the Recipient fail to properly perform its obligations under this
Grant Contract or if the Recipient violates any terms of this Grant Contract, Metro shall have the
right to immediately terminate the Grant Contract and the Recipient shall return to Metro any and
all grant monies for services or programs under the grant not performed as of the termination
date. The Recipient shall also return to Metro any and all funds expended for purposes contrary
to the terms of the Grant. Such termination shall not relieve the Recipient of any liability to Metro
for damages sustained by virtue of any breach by the Recipient.

D.4. Subcontracting. The Recipient shall not assign this Grant Contract or enter into a subcontract for
any of the services performed under this Grant Contract without obtaining the prior written
approval of Metro. Notwithstanding any use of approved subcontractors, the Recipient shall be
considered the prime Recipient and shall be responsible for all work performed.

D.5. Conflicts of Interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount shall be paid
directly or indirectly to an employee or official of Metro as wages, compensation, or gifts in
exchange for acting as an officer, agent, employee, subcontractor, or consultant to the Recipient
in connection with any work contemplated or performed relative to this Grant Contract.

D.6. —_ Nondiscrimination. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person shall be
excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination
in the performance of this Grant Contract or in the employment practices of the Recipient on the
grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other classification
which is in violation of applicable laws. The Recipient shall, upon request, show proof of such
nondiscrimination and shall post in conspicuous places, available to all employees and
applicants, notices of nondiscrimination.

D.7. | Records. The Recipient shall maintain documentation for all charges to Metro under this Grant
Contract. The books, records, and documents of the Recipient, insofar as they relate to work
performed or money received under this Grant Contract, shall be maintained for a period of three
(3) full years from the date of the final payment or until the Recipient engages a licensed
independent public accountant to perform an audit of its activities. The books, records, and
documents of the Recipient insofar as they relate to work performed or money received under this
Grant Contract shall be subject to audit at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by
Metro or its duly appointed representatives. Records shall be maintained in accordance with the
standards outlined in the Metro Grants Manual. The financial statements shall be prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

D.8. Monitoring. The Recipient's activities conducted and records maintained pursuant to this Grant
Contract shall be subject to monitoring and evaluation by The Metropolitan Office of Financial
Accountability or Metro’s duly appointed representatives. The Recipient shall make all audit,
accounting, or financial records, notes, and other documents pertinent to this grant available for
review by the Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability, Internal Audit or Metro’s
representatives, upon request, during normal working hours.

3
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and

Organized Neighbors of Edgehill/Edgehill Family Resource Center

Contract # L£- 315 March 12, 2014

D.9. Reporting. The Recipient shall submit a Final Program Report, no later than April 30, 2014. Said
reports shall detail the outcome of the activities funded under this Grant Contract.

D.10. Strict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist in any one or more cases upon the strict
performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement shall not
be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of any such term, covenant, condition, or provision.
No term or condition of this Grant Contract shall be held to be waived, modified, or deleted except
by a written amendment by the appropriate parties as indicated on the signature page of this
Grant.

D.11. Insurance. The Recipient agrees to carry adequate public liability and other appropriate forms of
insurance, and to pay all applicable taxes incident to this Grant Contract.

D.12. Metro Liability. Metro shall have no liability except as specifically provided in this Grant Contract.

D. 13. Independent Contractor. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to create a
Partnership or joint venture between the Recipient and Metro or to create the relationship of
principal and agent between or among the Recipient and Metro. The Recipient shall not hold
itself out in a manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph. Metro shall not become liable for
any representation, act, or omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph.

D. 14. Indemnification and Hold Harmless.

(a) Recipient shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Metro, its officers, agents and
employees from any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees for injuries or damages
arising, in part or in whole, from the negligent or intentional acts or omissions of Recipient, its
officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or independent contractors, in connection
with the performance of the contract, and any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney
fees arising from any failure of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub
or independent contractors, to observe applicable laws, including, but not limited to, labor laws
and minimum wage laws.

(b)Metro will not indemnify, defend or hold harmless in any fashion the Recipient from any claims,
regardless of any language in any attachment or other document that the Recipient may provide.
(c) Recipient shall pay Metro any expenses incurred as a result of Recipient's failure to fulfill any
obligation in a professional and timely manner under this Contract.

(d) Grantee’s duties under this section shall survive the termination or expiration of the grant.

D.15. Force Majeure. The obligations of the parties to this Grant Contract are subject to prevention by
causes beyond the parties’ control that could not be avoided by the exercise of due care
including, but not limited to, acts of God, riots, wars, strikes, epidemics or any other similar cause.

D.16. State, Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with all applicable federal,
state and local laws and regulations in the performance of this Grant Contract.

D.17. Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction and effect of this Grant Contract and any
and all extensions and/or modifications thereof shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The venue for legal action concerning this
Grant Contract shall be in the courts of Davidson County, Tennessee.

4


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and

Organized Neighbors of Edgehill/Edgehill Family Resource Center

Contract # A-FIET March 12, 2014

D.18. Completeness. This Grant Contract is complete and contains the entire understanding between
the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein, including all the terms and conditions
of the parties’ agreement. This Grant Contract supersedes any and all prior understandings,
representations, negotiations, and agreements between the parties relating hereto, whether
written or oral.

D.19. Headings. Section headings are for reference purposes only and shall not be construed as part
of this Grant Contract.

D.20. Metro Interest in Equipment. The Recipient shall take legal title to all equipment and to all motor
vehicles, hereinafter referred to as "equipment," purchased totally or in part with funds provided
under this Grant Contract, subject to Metro's equitable interest therein, to the extent of its pro rata
share, based upon Metro's contribution to the purchase price. "Equipment" shall be defined as
an article of nonexpendable, tangible, personal property having a useful life of more than one
year and an acquisition cost which equals or exceeds $5,000.00.

The Recipient agrees to be responsible for the accountability, maintenance, management, and
inventory of all property purchased totally or in part with funds provided under this Grant Contract.
Upon termination of the Grant Contract, where a further contractual relationship is not entered
into, or at any time during the term of the Grant Contract, the Recipient shall request written
approval from Metro for any proposed disposition of equipment purchased with Grant funds. All
equipment shall be disposed of in such a manner as parties may agree as appropriate and in
accordance with any applicable federal, state or local laws or regulations.

D. 21. Assignment—Consent Required. The provisions of this contract shall inure to the benefit of and
shall be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Except for
the rights of money due to Recipient under this contract, neither this contract nor any of the rights
and obligations of Recipient hereunder shall be assigned or transferred in whole or in part without
the prior written consent of Metro. Any such assignment or transfer shall not release Recipient
from its obligations hereunder. Notice of assignment of any rights to money due to Recipient
under this Contract must be sent to the attention of the Metro Department of Finance.

D.22. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or
agree to give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to
solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a gratuity or an offer of
employment in connection with any decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation,
preparations of any part of a program requirement or a purchase request, influencing the content
of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any
other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim
or controversy in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or
controversy or other particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or
subcontract or to any solicitation or proposal therefore. It shall be a breach of ethical standards
for any payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor

under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or a person associated
therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach of the provisions of
this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of ethical standards which may
result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or suspension from participation in
Metropolitan Government contracts.

D.23. Communications and Contacts. All instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other
communications from the Recipient required or contemplated by this Grant Contract shall be in
writing and shall be made by facsimile transmission, or by first class mail, addressed to the

5
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Organized Neighbors of Edgehill/Edgehill Family Resource Center
Contract # Z-FIES March 12, 2014

respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or address as set forth below or to such

other party, facsimile number, or address as may be hereafter specified by written notice.

Metro
For contract-related matters and enquiries regarding invoices contact:

Agriculture Extension

George M. Killgore

1417 Murfreesboro Pike

PO Box 196300

Nashville, TN 37219-6300

Phone: 615-862-5995/ Fax: 615-862-5998
Email: George.killgore@nashville.gov

Recipient:

Brenda Morrow ,

FRC Director

Organized Neighbors of Edgehill

1001 Edgehill Avenue

Nashville, TN 37203

D.24. Lobbying. The Recipient certifies, to the best of its knowledge and belief, that:

a. No federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid, by or on behalf of the
Recipient, to any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee
of any agency, a Member of Congress in connection with the awarding of any federal
contract, the making of any federal grant, the making of any federal loan, and entering
into of any cooperative agreement, and the extension, continuation, renewal,
amendment, or modification of any federal contract, grant, loan, or cooperative
agreement.

b. If any funds other than federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid to any
person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any agency, a
Member of Congress, an officer or employee of Congress, or an employee of a Member
of Congress in connection with this grant, loan, or cooperative agreement, the Recipient
shall complete and submit Standard Form-LLL, “Disclosure Form to Report Lobbying,” in
accordance with its instructions.

c. The Recipient shall require that the language of this certification be included in the award
documents for all sub-awards at all tiers (including sub-grants, subcontracts, and
contracts under grants, loans, and cooperative agreements) and that all subcontractors of
federally appropriated funds shall certify and disclose accordingly.

Effective Date. This contract shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed first by the

Recipient and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government and has been

filed in the office of the Metropolitan Clerk. When it has been so signed and filed, this contract shall

be effective as of the date first written above.

THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK
6
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Organized Neighbors of Edgehill/Edgehill Family Resource Center
Contract # L~3sE5 March 12, 2014
RECIPIENT:
THE METROPOLITAN 4
GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE By:
AND DAVIDSONCOUNTY: mikes a mr Palla vs '
itle: Chair, Boar irectors
‘o
ee Sworn to and plies to before me a Notary
mo Public, this /2"day
of Lath, 201
Metropolitan Clerk
APR - 3 201
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF
FUNDS: Notary Public
Director of Finance s eR —
My Commission expires. ity VY 2017 -
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND N
LEGALITY : \N D
: wee
STATE
- OF
TENNESSEE
NOTARY} |
Metropolitan Attorney SS PUBLIC «S
“Oson [x°)
APPROVED AS TO RISK AND My Commission Expires Juty 3, 2017
INSURANCE:
ie : Insurance
APPROVED BY THE MAYOR:
al F. Dean, Mayorrny
7


Project Budget
Equipment and tools such as (weeders, water hoses, shovels, locks etc.)-- $300.00
Supplies, Plants, seeds and fertilizer, sand etc. -- $ 200.00
Lunch/snacks for informational meetings and trainings--- $ 300.00
Total: $ 800.00
Stipend for youth ---- (4-youth @ $100 a month X 5 month) $ 2000
Total: $ 2,800.00
NOTE: Estimated timeline may vary, depending on the weather.
Project Timeline
Award announcement-?
January, 2014- Design flyers to recruit seniors and youth to be a part of the gardening project.
February, 2014 — Set dates for 2 informational meetings and develop schedule of growing priorities
for gardeners (specific crops, planting times, etc.).
March, 2014 — Purchase of tools, raised beds materials, fertilizer, seeds and hoses etc. beginning of
training classes for youth/seniors and community gardeners.
March, 2014 — Group event- Begin growth of seedlings for planting in greenhouse.
April, 2014 — Garden soil preparation (tilling etc.) purchase of plants.
May/June, 2014 - Planting of seasonal vegetables, (tomatoes, com etc.)
July 2014— Growing and gardening maintenance, planting of summer crops.
August 2014- Pick, distribute and enjoy potatoes, tomatoes etc.
September 2014 — Harvest pumpkins, corn, okra etc. Planting of fall crops.
October/November 2013- Preparation of soil for the winter: Planting winter crops and harvest ,
celebration. (Start process in January 2014)
ARCHIVE


Application
for
The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, TN
School and Community Garden Grant Program
Name of Garden: Terrance Murray Edgehill Community Memorial
Garden
Address/Location:!2th. Avenue South and Horton Avenue
Garden Supervisor/Coordinator: Ms. Brenda Morrow
Email address: fre@edgehillcommunity.org
Phone number: (615) 256-4617
Proposal prepared and submitted by: Ms. Brenda Morrow
Director- Edgehill Family Resource Center
Cell: (615) 975-5504
Date: 9-16-13
2
ARCHIVE


PROPOSAL APPLICATION — PAGE ONE
THE TERRANCE MURRAY EDGEHILL COMMUNITY MEMORIAL
COMMUNITY GARDENING PROGRAM ;
Name of Grant Project: Edgehill Community Garden Intergenerational Future
1. Grant Applicant’s Organization Information:
Organization Name: Edgehill Family Resource Center — Organized Neighbors of
Edgehill (O.N.E.)
Address: 1001 Edgehill Avenue, Nashville, TN 37203 Lo pt
Organization Type:
X._ Non-profit organization
2. Requested grant amount: $4,200.00
3. Grant Applicant’s Leadership Information:
Primary Grant Contact Person: Brenda Morrow, Director, Edgehill FRC
Address: 1001 Edgehill Avenue, Nashville, TN 37203
Home Phone: 615-248-2478 Work Phone: 615-256-4617 Fax: 615-256-4619
E-mail Address: fre@edgehillcommunity.org
“+ Garden Committee Members:
“+ Doris Huggins
“+ Amita McCadoo
“+ Nancy Crutcher
“+ Juanita Beauregard
“+ Barbara Carter
“> Jeffery Stewart
4. Grant Applicant’s Neighborhood Information
Name of Neighborhood: Edgehill Community
Boundaries: North —Division Street; South — Wedgewood Avenue
East - 8" Avenue South; West - Alley between 16" & Villa Place
Number of youth participants: 18
Number of other gardeners and seniors: 20
Signature of primary grant applicant; Date: FEZ
Ms. Brenda Morrow, Director-Edgehill Faufily Resource Center


PROPOSAL APPLICATION - PAGE TWO
Statement of Project’s Community Benefit and Need
How the project benefit the community & why the project is needed - The project adds to the value of
the surrounding community - The project accessible to the general public - The project improves the
health and general welfare of the community -
The Edgehill Community Garden benefits the health of community residents by providing access to
fresh, healthy, locally grown fruit and vegetables. It also benefits the youth in the community by
providing opportunities for leadership development through training and activities to help them
contribute as civic and community participants. It benefits the diverse residents of the community
through gardening activities which promote neighborhood interaction, physical activity and
intergenerational socialization between youth and seniors. It would be beneficial to expand the
gardening activities, and the upgrade to the greenhouse would expand the period of time for
gardening as well as provide the opportunity for other types of growing.
The Edgehill Community Garden is important because the community is a food desert which has no
mainstream grocery store, but instead has convenience stores and fast food.
The benefits to community gardening are even more noticeable in lower-income areas such as
the Edgehill area. Edgehill’s Community Garden is located in Metropolitan Council District
17, which has a poverty rate for all people of 39.2%, much higher than the 19.3% for
Davidson County as a whole. The median household income for Council District is the lowest
among all 35 Districts at $19,455, compared to $43,556 for Davidson County. (U. S. Census
Bureau, 2007-2011 American Community Survey 5-Year Summary)
According to a 2007 report from the U. S. General Accounting Office, lower-income individuals
experience higher rates of chronic illness, disease, and disabilities, and also die younger than those
who have higher incomes, and life expectancies for individuals in poor families as compared to
higher income families also differ significantly.
The benefits of community gardens have been well-established. For example, North Carolina
State University described various research studies that found positive outcomes for
community garden participants and their families. Research indicates that benefits can range
from relief from stress to increased neighborhood property values. Other examples include
the following. http://nccommunitygarden.ncsu.edu/research.html
e Adults with a household member who participated in a community garden consumed
fruits and vegetables 1.4 more times per day than those who did not participate, and
they were 3.5 times more likely to consume fruits and vegetables at least 5 times daily.
(Journal of Nutrition Education and Behavior, March-April 2008)
e The qualities intrinsic to community gardens make them a unique intervention that
can narrow the divide between people and the places where food is grown and increase
local opportunities to eat better. (American Journal of Public Health, August 2011)


¢ With high unemployment rates, increasing food insecurity, and the ever-growing

prevalence of obese Americans, community gardens have the potential to
simultaneously alleviate multiple societal ills, while at the same time highlighting the
assets of communities ... With more compelling evidence to support community
gardens, this tool for change may become even more common in American
communities, and the social, health, economic, and environmental benefits associated
with gardening will be realized on a broader scale. (Journal of Community Practice,
December 2010)

The lack of a mainstream grocery store combined with the lower income in the area put area

residents at risk of dietary-related disease. As a result, it is particularly important for Edgehill to

expand its efforts to provide fresh, healthy food. The garden is on public land, near the corner of

14th Avenue South and Horton Avenue on the Murrell School campus. All Edgehill community

residents are welcome to participate.

ARCHIVE


PROPOSAL APPLICATION — PAGE THREE
Edgehill Community Garden Intergenerational Future
Project Description and Location
The Community Garden is located on the campus of Murrell School at 1450 14th Avenue South in
Nashville, a central location that is easily accessible by Edgehill community residents.
Metropolitan Nashville Board of Education granted permission to use a portion of the Murrell
School property for the garden, which is well maintained and cared for by gardening participants.
ns 7 “ oP es a. Re Pas a eS wo “Soe - .
“s sS oe ee ee eee ce. es
weg : 3," z% : ed BE mr ae Re
» oie 7 | ie  @
‘ Oe * — _ tas oe 4 ss Cite aie - ae ee : i
fas) AS OA NAN Loe Be ST eae | Miata a .
be ena he \ Sets by i
ae Fl r To ne ee
ft CO SESS re Yi, cea ee ~ ea . 2a
Question -1
Requested funds would be used to create a large group of intergenerational gardeners made up of
Edgehill Youth Leadership Advisory Council members and seniors from the community.
Funds would be used to support the efforts of the I-Gen. participants from Edgehill by providing:
Stipends to youth and garden coordinator, as well as seeds, equipment and supplies for all the
gardeners.
The benefits of the Edgehill Community Garden would extend beyond the current gardening
season. Diverse residents of the Edgehill Community work together to create and expand a source
of healthy produce for their residents, particularly those in need. The project addresses the
production and distribution of fresh fruits and vegetables which are grown and consumed within the
neighborhood. The project would also be a teaching tool for the youth council and summer youth
programs.
Gardeners will receive specific training about gardening techniques, so that the greatest quantity
and highest quality of fruits and vegetagles will be produced. The availability of fresh produce will
continue during the winter season by teaching freezing and canning techniques provided by the
TSU Cooperative Extension Program. The project will support the continuation of improved diets in
Edgehill through the availability of fresh produce and will also support the benefits of
intergenerational interaction and community socialization.


PROPOSAL APPLICATION — PAGE FOUR

Statement of Community Support
List of partners involved in the project and their roles.
The administrative and staff support for the Edgehill Community Garden is from the Edgehill
Family Resource Center, which is part of the Organized Neighbors of Edgehill.
The Edgehill Community Garden works with the Community Food Advocates, a local nonprofit
organization designed to create and sustain a secure and healthy food system for thei#-region. It
focuses on production to consumption, to promote the availability of safe, nutritious and healthy
food for all community residents maximizing community self-reliance and social justice.
There are many organizations that work to ensure the success of the Community Garden. Specific
examples include: Edgehill United Methodist Church has donated seeds; the Davidson County
Juvenile Court has provided volunteer community service labor; Metro Schools provides the
property; residents of I.W. Gernert volunteer and participate; the TSU Extension Program provides
training classes and will help in developing a drip irrigation system for the Edgehill Community
Garden Intergenerational Future Program.
Neighborhood volunteer participants are involved in planting, weeding, watering, tilling,
beautification and landscaping. The Edgehill FRC and O.N.E. also partner with various
organizations to enhance services to the Edgehill Community, including Metro Police, MDHA,
Metro Social Services, Vanderbilt, Operation Stand Down, Belmont and others.


PROPOSAL APPLICATION — PAGE FIVE
Statement of Sustainability
How this project will be supported and maintained in the future.
Question - 3
The Edgehill FRC and O.N.E. will continue to provide administrative support, and it is anticipated
that the collaborative organizations will continue their in-kind contributions. These funds would be
used to enhance the Edgehill Community Garden and provide support for the Community Food
Advocates Intergenerational Team here in Edgehill. The creation of the Edgehill Community
Garden Intergenerational Future Program will be a teaching tool and connection tool for youth and
seniors used for many years.
To further enhance the Community Garden, efforts will also be made to seek funding from other
sources, such as such as other foundations, corporate sponsorship, from community organizations,
etc.
Edgehill FRC is also collaborating with Belmont University’s Center for Entrepreneurship, through
which Belmont would provide training to youth gardening participants about how to develop and
sustain a business. This would promote further growth of the Edgehill Community Garden and help
it become self-sustaining.
Question - 4

Plans for distribution is that all the gardeners are able to take home what they grow.
The seniors and youth that work together will take home what they grow.
There will be significant sized plots that will be designated specifically for the community.
Community residents will be able to stop by and get available veggies for free (or) for a small
donation.
The main focus is to get fresh produce to the residents that need them and may not be able to afford
it.


Edgehill Community Intergenerational Future Program 2013/14

Agency Coordination: Edgehill Family Resource Center/O.N.E.

Coordinator: FRC Director, Brenda Morrow

Po
| _i[ProfessionalFees | S500 CTS Yearly | $500 |
| 2[Postage &Shipping | S500 T= early [$500
|__3{Equipment Rental & Maintenance | $a00.00[ [| = ~[ Yearly [$800 |
|__4|Workshops/Leadership & Organizing | $500.00[ | - ‘| X4months| $2,000 |
|__5|FRC Director Coordinator/Consultant $400 [| | [Yearly ~~ [$400 |
a
a a QO
a) a OO
a
Ee)
a
a OO
a QO
a CO
A OO
eS a BEC
ARCHIVE


A et
jd
Rev? a
Project Budget 3-13 .

Equipment and tools such as (weeders, water hoses, shovels, locks etc.)-- $300.00

Supplies, Plants, seeds and fertilizer, sand etc. -- $ 200.00

Lunch/snacks for informational meetings and trainings--- $ 300.00

Total: $ 800.00

Stipend for youth ---- (4-youth @ $100 a month X 5 month) $ 2000

Total: $ 2,800.00 i
|
NOTE: Estimated timeline may vary, depending on the weather. |
|
Project Timeline |
Award announcement-? |
; i
January, 2014- Design flyers to recruit seniors and youth to be a part of the gardening project.
|
February, 2014 — Set dates for 2 informational meetings and develop schedule of growing priorities i
for gardeners (specific crops, planting times, etc.), |
|
March, 2014 ~ Purchase of tools, raised beds materials, fertilizer, seeds and hoses etc. beginning of |
training classes for youth/seniors and community gardeners.
March, 2014 — Group event- Begin growth of seedlings for planting in greenhouse. |
April, 2014 — Garden soil preparation (tilling etc.) purchase of plants. |
May/June, 2014 - Planting of seasonal vegetables, (tomatoes, com etc.) |
1
July 2014— Growing and gardening maintenance, planting of summer crops. |
i
August 2014- Pick, distribute and enjoy potatoes, tomatoes etc.
|
September 2014 — Harvest pumpkins, com, okra etc. Planting of fall crops.
. |
October/November 2013- Preparation of soil for the winter: Planting winter crops and harvest |
celebration, (Start process in January 2014)
|


Project Budget
Question 5
Equipment and tools such as (weeders, water hoses, shovels, locks etc.)-- $300.00
Plants, seeds and fertilizer, sand etc. -- $200.00
Lunch/snacks for informational meetings and trainings--- $300.00
Supplies, printing and postage ----- In-Kind
Total: $800.00
Stipend for youth ---- (4-youth @ $100 a month X 5 month) $2,000.00
Stipend for Adult Coordinator--- (1-adult @ $200 a month X 7 months) $1,400.00
Total: $4,200.00
NOTE: Estimated timeline may vary, depending on the weather.
Project Timeline/Development and Implementation Schedule
Question - 2
Award announcement-?
January, 2014- Design flyers to recruit seniors and youth to be a part of the gardening project.
February, 2014 — Set dates for 2 informational meetings and develop schedule of growing priorities
for gardeners (specific crops, planting times, etc.).
March, 2014 — Purchase of tools, raised beds materials, fertilizer, seeds and hoses etc. beginning of
training classes for youth/seniors and community gardeners.
March, 2014 — Group event- Begin growth of seedlings for planting in greenhouse.
April, 2014 — Garden soil preparation (tilling etc.) purchase of plants.
May/June, 2014 - Planting of seasonal vegetables, (tomatoes, corn etc.)
July 2014 Growing and gardening maintenance, planting of summer crops.
August 2014- Pick, distribute and enjoy potatoes, tomatoes etc.
September 2014 — Harvest pumpkins, corn, okra etc. planting of fall crops.
October/November 2013- Preparation of soil for the winter: Planting winter crops and harvest
celebration. (Start process in January 2014)
