"CLASS VI-HOTEL/MUTELICORPORATE OPERATORS AUG 16 2011
CIAL G ! RT. METROPOLITAN
, : ‘ CLER
TES PERMIT FOR Cp RCIAL GROUND TRANSPORTATION (the “Agroement Bemerea—
into: s ofthis May of ___ se Al 2011, by and between METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE ATRPORT
AUT SORITY, a public corporation pursuant to Tennessee Code Annotated Sections 42-4-101, e4 eH, (the
“Autority”), and Guect Youre, Inn § Suites , & company licensed to do business in the
, State of Tennessec (the “Operator”}. ouTth and Chuvth LLC ;
WHEREAS, Authority is the owner and operator of the Nashville Intemational Airport (the “Airport”) in -
‘Nast ville, Tennessee; and
WHEREAS, Operator desires to operate a commercial ground transportation business at the Airport, and
‘WHEREAS, Authority has agreed to allow Operator to conduct tts business st the Airport subject to the terms
of th.s Agreement,
NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the terms and conditions of this Agrectnent, and other good
and valuabic consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Authority and Operator
here vy agree as follows: ‘
L Policy. This Agreement ix subject in all respects to the terms and conditions of the Commercial ;
Ground Transportation Policy of Authority as in effect on the date of this Agreement and as it ig amended and modified |
fron time to time. For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Policy” shell mean such Commercial Ground
Ten sportation Pulicy of Authority cant all amendments and modifications thereto from time to time. Operator hereby
ackr owlodges receipt of a copy of the Policy as in effect on the date of this Agreement. Capitalized terms not otherwise
defhhied in this Agreement shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Policy. :
z Permit. Subject to the terms of the Policy and this Agreement, Authority hereby grants a revocable,
non exclusive Permit to Operator for the following Commercial Ground Transportation Operator classification:
CLASS VI - BOTELIMOTEL/CORPORATE OPERATORS
(a) During the term of this Agreement, Operator shall have a non-cxelusive, revocable license solely () to
ope atc Commercial Vehicles that transport patrons of hotels, motels and specified business organizations or
entezprises to and/or from the Airport for the convettience of passengers utilizing the Airport and patrons and
tent-ats of the Airport; (ji) to use common-use Airport roadways for ingress and egress, subject to the Policy and other
Apt ficable Laws; (iii) to park Operator’s Commercial Vehicles in the non-exclusive Commercial Loading Zones
degiimated by Authority on the ground transportation level of the Terminal for twenty (20) minutes per trip to of
fror the Airport for the purpose of loading patrons; and (iv) to unload patrotis in the nor-exclusive Commercial
. hee ding Zones designated by Authority on the passenger departing level and ground transportation level of the
er ninal,
®) Gperator’s Commercial Vehicles waiting to load or unload passengers must be positioned in the
Cor nmercial Loading Zones designated by Authority for Commorelsl Vehicles of that typo, and shall remain therein only
for the period herein provided. Opcrator shall. not leave any Commercial Vehicle unattended while parked in any
Comercial Loading Zone at the Airport. Operator shall not load and/or unluad on the passenger arriving Ievel of
the Terminal except by the prior written consent of Authority.
(9) Authority shall issue to Operator one Decal per Commercial Vehiele of Operator, as specified in
Op :tator’s approved application for this Agreement. The Decal shall be 2 visual indicator and control device installed by
Aw jority designating thet such Commercial Vehicle is authorized by Authority to operate at the Airport. A Decal must
be sermencitly affixed to the right rear bumper of each Commercial Vehicle of Operator that opcrates at the Airport.
Bech Decal shall be and remain the property of Authority, and removal of'e Decal from the Commercial Vehicle to which
it van originally affixed or the transfer of 1 Deeal to ny other vehicle shall result in the immediate termination of thie
Ag'sement without further notice, opportunity to cure or other process whatsoever. In the event that Operator
| disontinues using a Commercial Vehicle bearing a Decal belonging to the Airport, Operator shall present such Vehicle


to Arithority 96 that Authority may remove the Decal from such Commercial Vehicle, Until a Decal is removed from a
Com nercial Vehicle of Operator, Operstor shall continue to be responsible for fees payable with respect to such
Com ‘nercial Vehicle under the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
(a) Additionally, Authority shall issue to Operator one AVI Transponder Tag per Commercial Vehicle of
Opcrittor, as specified in Operator’s approved application for this Agreement, The AVI Transponder Tag shall be a
Conti device installed by Authority on each Commercial Vehicle of Operator for the purpose of recording Trip activity
of 2h Commetelal Vehick operated at the Airport. Bach AVI Transponder Tag shall be and remain the property of
Authority, and romoval of an AVI Transponder Tag from the Commercial Vehicle to which it was originally affixed or
the t ansfér of an AVI Transponder Tag to atty other vehicle shal] result in the immediate termination of this Agreement
‘with -ut further notice, opportunity to cure or other process whatsoever. In the cvent that Operstor discontinues using 6
Cor mercial Vehicic bearing an AVT Transponder Tag belonging to de: Aitport, Operatur stall present such Vehicle to
Auttl ority so that Authority may remove the AVI Transponder Tag ftom such Vebicle, Until an AVI Transponder Tag is
remmuved from a Commercial Velicle of Operator, Operator shall continuc to be responsible for fees payable with respect
to sich Commercial Vehicle under the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
©) ‘Operator shall immediately report to Authority all changes, additions or deletions in its fleet of
Con mercial Vehicles, including vehicle length, width, scats, color, make, modcl, year, license tag number and vehicle
iden tification number (VIN).
3 Term. The term of this Agroement shall commence on the date hercof and shall expire on June 30 of
the ‘ollowing year; provided, however, that (i) the term of this Agreement shall be automatically renewed and extended
for in additional ote year term commencing on July 1 of each year unless Authority or Operator shall provide a notice of
non renewal to the other no later then thirty (30) days prior to the then existing expiration date of the term hereof: (il)
eith sr party may cancel this Agreement upon thirty (30) days prior notice to the other party at any time for arty reason;
Gil) Authority may suspend this Agreement, or may bar the usc by Operator of e particular Driver, apent or employee or
Cot mercial Vehiele, if Operator, such Driver, sgent ot employee or such Commercial Vehicle is found to have violated
the Yolicy, any Applicable Laws (as defined herein) or this Agreement; and (iv) Authority may terminate this Agreement
will out foriciture, waiver of release of Autharity’s rights to any sum due or to become due under the provisions of this ,
Ag vement upon default by Operator in the payment of the fees roquired hereunder or violation by Operator of any of the .
othi:r provisions of this Agrcement and the failure of Operator to remedy such default or violation within ten (10) days
after notice from Authority to Operator of such default or violation, provided, however, that mo such ten (10) day notice
sha i be required in those instances in which a provision of this Agreement grants to Authority the right to terminate this to
Ag vement immediately upon Operator's violation of of failure to comply with the terms hereof.
4 Rees and Charges. Operator agrees to pay Authority ail applicable fees and charges set forth in
Ap vendix F of the Commercial Ground Transportation Policy of Authority incorporated herein by reference and made a
par hereof provided, however, that the fees and charges set forth in Appendix F of the Policy are subject to adjustment
in :ecordance with emendments and modifications tn the Policy from time to time. Any adjustrnent to the fees and
che ges due hereunder shall be effective not less than thirty (30) days after notice to Operator from Authority of such
Adj .stment: to the fees and charges to bo due hereunder together with @ copy of tho amendment to or modification of tho
Policy pursuant to which such adjustment shall occur, : :
5. Obligations of Qperator. Operator shall comply in afl respects with the Policy and all Applicable
La vs (88 defined herein). lor purposes of this Agreement, the term “Applicable Laws” shall trican all present atid future :
lav's, ordinances, orders, directives, rules, codes, regulations and decrees of federal, state and municipal anthorities and
agincies and their respective agencies, departments, authorities and commissions (individually, 2 “Governmental
Avihority” and collectively, the “Governmental Authorities”) and all present and future grant assurances provided by
Ax |hority to atty Governmental Authority in connection with Authority’s ownership or operation of the Airport and all
otter niles, regulations, policies and procedures of Authority, 8 the same may be amended, modified or updated from
tin 2 to time, For purposes of this Agreement, “Governmental Authorities” shall specifically include, without limitation,
Atthority, The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, the State of Tennegsee, the United States ;
De artment of Transportation, the Federal Aviation Administration (the “FAA”) and the Transportation Security .
Ac ministration (the “TSA").
6 Agsienment; Sub-Licenge. Operator shall not assign or sub-license or otherwise purport to authorize
2
ARCHI


or ailow any other person of entity to exercise, the Permit or its rights granted in this Agreement without the priar written id
content of Authority, which Authotity may grant or withhold in its sole discretion. {
a Deposit. As security for Operator's full, faithful and prompt performance of and compliance with all
cow nants, terms and conditions of this Agreement, Operator hereby deposits with Authority the sum of
___CCf>___ Dollars ($D ,00) (the “Deposi). In addition to any and sll other remedies available to it under this
Agt'ement or otherwise, Authority shall have the right, st its option at eny te and from time to time, to use the Deposit
Of 8 y part thersof in whole or partial satisfaction of any of its claims or demands agsinst Operutor and for the payment of
ato neya’ foce for the anfureement of any of its claime or demands agaitist Operator. Authority shall have no obligation
to e:erclae such right, and neither the existence of such right nor the holding of the Deposit itectf sttall cure any default or :
brezch on the part of Operator. In the event that Authority shall at any time or times 50 use the Deposit or any part
ther vf, Operator shall, within two (2) days after demand by Authority. deposit with Authority additional cash 90 2s to .
tnai tain the Deposit at all times at the full amount stated above and all such additional flmds so deposited shall be subject
to 8 | of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Within thirty (30) days sfter the expiration oF earlier termination of
this Agreement and upon written request therefor by Opcrator, Authority will retum the Depasit to Operator, less the
anx ont of any and all unpaid claims and damages of Authority hereunder. Operator hereby waives any right to amy
inte-est which may or could be camed on the Deposit during the term of the Agreement. Authority shall have no
Obii ation to segregate the Deposit from other funds of Authority.
& Docaments Incorporated by Reference. Tho following documents are inoorperated in thir :
Aginement by reference and made 2 part hereof as if fully set forth in this Agreement (i) the Policy, (ji) the application
for Ihis Agreement submitted by Operator, and (iti) all policies of insurance providing the insurance coverages required
unc ur this Agrcoment (including, without jimitation, those required under the Policy). .
’, Indempification. Operator shell protect, dafeod, indemnify and fold Authority and its
cor missioners, Officers, and employees harmless from and against any and all suits, losees, costs, claims, damages,
der ‘ands, penalties, fines, settlements, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, attomeys' fees, court costs ‘
anc fitigution expenses) arising by teascn of the injury to or death of any person of damage to any property of any nature
wh itsoever arising out of or incident to (7) this Agrecment, (ii) Operator's performance or exercise of the Permit and
Tighits granted under this Agmcment, (iii) an intentional act or a negligent act or ornission of any of Operator's Drivers,
off rer, cmployees, agents, contractors, subcontractors, licorisces or invitees regardicss of where the injury, death or
dat rage may occur, or (iv) the failure of Operator to comply with any Applicable Laws, The provisions of this Section 9
sha] survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.
10. Costs of Enforcement. If legal action is necessary to enforce the terms of this Agreement,
senor Shall pay alt of Authority's costs incurred in taking such action, including, without limitation, attomeys’
. eC ,
Ii. Environmental Matters, Operator agrees to comply with all Applicable Lewe relitting to the
. Prcvection of the environment and the handling and release of any and all substances, chemicals, wastes, sewage of other ”
moslerials which are now or hereafter regulated, controlied or prohibited by any Applicable Laws requiting removal,
waning or restriction un the usc, gurerdion, disposal or trensportation thereof, including, without limitation, any
Sul stanies defined as a “hazardous substance”, “hazardous material”, “hazardous waste”, “toxic substance” or “air
po ‘utant”, .
be Insurance. Operator ogrees to comply ‘with all roquirements of the Policy regarding the
meantenance of insurance coverages. In addition, Operator further serees that such insurance coverages maintained
pu suant hereto must provide that they will be considered primary insurance as tespects arty ather valid and collectible .,
ingurance which Authority may possess and that any other insurance or self-insured retention of Authority shall be
cosidered excess inguratice otily, Authority shall have the right to change the inauranes coverages required
he cunder, without cost to Authority, if such changes aro recommended or imposed by Authority's insurers.
Ai thority also may require a copy of cach insurance policy (including the declarations page and any endorsements
thicto) by which Operator provides the insurance coverages required hereunder. Jf Operator shall at any lime fail
to orovide atty of the insurance coverages required hereunder, Authority may do sii things necessary to effect or
tmuintain such insurance coverage and all amounts expended by it for that purpose shall be repaid by Operator to
Alithority in the month in which such amounts arc paid by Authority. If any insurance coverage required hereunder
3
ARCHI


céniiot be obtained for any reason, Authority may require Operator to cease any and all operations watt! such y.
inst vance coverage is obtained.
13. General Pravisions- os
(a) Operator certifies to the best of its knowledge and bclicf that: (3) no federally or state-eppropriated
fonris have been paid of will be paid by or on behalf of Operator to any person for influencing or attempting to
influence an officer or employes of any agency of the United States government or a mezber, officer or employce
of tre United States Congress, of an employee of a member of the United States Congress, in cormection with the :
awarding of sny federal contract, the making of any federal grant or loan, the entering inte of any cooperative
agfoment, or the extension, continuation, renewal, amendment or modification of any federal contract, grant, loan
of (.Q0perntive agreement; and (ji) if Operator has compensated or does compensate any person for influencing or
atte nnpting to influence an officer or employee of any agency of the United States government, a member, officer or ;
crm loyco of the United States Congress, or any employee of 2 member of the United States Congress, in connection
wit any contract, grant, loan or cooperative agreement, then Operator shall complete and submit to Authority, in
aco dance with its instructions, Standard Form LLL, “Disclosure of Lobbying Activities”; and (iii) Operator shall
freq are thet the language of this certification bc included in the award documents for all sub-awards at all tiers :
(inc uding subcontracts, sub-grants and contracts under grants, loans and cooperative agreements) and that allsub-
fec: picnts shall certify and make disclosures in accordance with this Section 12fa), .
{h) ‘Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to grant Operator anty exclusive right or privilege within the
Me:ining of Section 308 of the Federal Aviation Act of 1958, as amended (the “Federal Aviation Act”), for the conduct of
ety activity at the Airport, except that, subject to the terms and provisions hereof, Operator shall have the right to operate :
at Uic Airport under the provisions of this Agreement. -
() This Agreement is subject arid subordinate to the provisions of eny agreement heretofore or hereafter
tale between Authority and any Governmental Authority relative to the operation or maintenance of the Airport, the:
exe ation of which bas been required ag 2 condition preaxkait to the transfer of federal rights or property to Authority for
Aitrort purposes, of the expenditure of federal finds for the improvement or development of the Airport, including the
et cde of fen funds for the development of the Airport in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Aviation .
(ny -
(d) No waiver of default by either party of any of the terms, covenants or conditions herein to be ;
petlormed, kept and observed by the other party shall be construed as, or shall operate as, a waiver of any subsequent :
def ult of any of the terms, covenants of conditions herein contained to be performed, kept and observed by the other
pany.
(s) All notices, approvals, consents, demands and other communications required by this Agreement
Taunt be in writing to be eftective and personally delivered or sent by certified United States Mail, postage prepaid,
Of ny a recognized delivery service that provides registered and verifiable shipment or airbill tracking and delivery
tec urd, with costs prepaid, to the addresses set forth below:
To Authority: Executive Vice President and Chicf Operating Officer
Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority a
Nashville International Airport
One Terminal Drive, Suite 501 .
Nashville, Tennesseo 37214
With a copy to:
Director of Properties :
Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority
Nashvitle Internationa! Airport .
One Terminal Drive, Suite 501
Nashville, Tennessee 37214 ‘
4 .
ARCHIV


To Operator: Mr./Ms:_Sanjo Fatel . .
Company: Guest Houte Iny & Swttd
City: _ NosbVIVE .
Street: 2420 Music Valley bY
State: ___—T) : \
The person and place to which notices are to be sent may be changed by @ party hereto upon written notice to the :
other. A notice required of permitted hereundor shall be deemed received on the date that is three (3) calendar days
afte: the date on which the notice is deposited ip the United States Mall if sent by certified mail, or, if personally an
dell "ered, on the date such personal delivery is made. If notice is given by a recognized delivery service, then the ,
notie shall be deomed received by the addressee on the date on which the signature receipt is recorded by such -
rect pmized delivery service, 1
0] The headings of the several sections of this Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience:
and for reference and in no way define, limit or describe the scope or intent of arty provisions of this Agreertent and strall .
Not be construed to affect in any manner the terms and provisions hercof or the interpretation or construction thereof.
(2) Tf one or more clauses, sections or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be unlawful, :
inv iid or unenforceable, the parties hereto agree that the material rights of either party hereto shall not be affected ,
the eby excent to the oxtent of such holding, and this Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid woe
ori nenforceable provision were omitted herefrom. .
(hy The parties hereto hereby designate the following as theit agents for scrvice of process and wilt =<
wa ve aly Objection to service of process if setved Upon its agent as act forth below: :
To Authority: President —
Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority :
Nashville intermational Airport .
One Terminal Drive, Suite 501 :
Nashville, Tennessee 37214 ,
‘To Operator: Mr./Ms;__ Sanja Patek _
Company: Inv & Qurten -
City: Nosh yitle. ;
Street: 24420 Music valley by- |
State: _ TW)
@ Operator hereby waives sny claim against Authority and its commissioners, officers, employees,
agcatx, servants, rcpresentatives, comractors, subcontractors, affiliates, successors and assigns for loess of anticipated ,
Prt fits caused by any suit or proceeriings directly or indirectly attacking the validity of this Agrcement or any part hereof, :
de: laring this Agreement to be ntull, void or voidable, or delaying the exercise of any rights under this Agreement. No
cor umissioner, officer, employee or agent of Authority shall be charged personally of held contractually liable by or to
Og urator under the terms or provisions of this Agreement.
j Gi) The parties hereto further covenant and agree that Authority reserves the right to further develop or
im rove the Airport as it may sce fit, regardiess of the desires or views of Opcrator and without interference or hindrance. _
(k) This Agreement is subject end subordinate to the provisions of any agreement heretofore or
he vafter made between Authority and the United States government relative to the operation or maintenance of the
AJ 'port, the exccution of which fas been required a a condition precedemt to the transfer of federal rights ot i
pr iperty to Authority for Airport purposes, or the expenditure of federal funds for the improvement or development ; :
of the Airport, including the oxpenditure of federal fonds for the development of the Afrport in accordance with
privisions of the Federal Aviation Act. Authority covenants that it haa no existing agreements with the United
Stites government in conflict with the express provisions hereof, The perties incorporate herein by reference all
privisions lawfully required to be contained herein by any Governmental Authority.
$
. ‘
ARCHI


g ‘This Agreetnont shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns 4
of th: patties hereto, a

(m) In the event thet a Govermmental Authority roquires modifications or changes to this Agreement as a at
concition precedent to the granting af finds for the improvement of the Airport, or otherwise, Operator shall rake or :
agre: to such amondments, modifications, revisions, supplements ot deletions of any of the terms, conditinns or .
requ tements of this Agreement as may be reasonably required and any expenses reauiting from such amendments, oO
mod :fications, revisions, supplements or deletions shall be paid by Authority. 4

(n) Time is of the essence in the performance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Words of "
any onder used in this Agrecment shall be held end constmned to include any other gender, words in the siiguiar number _
shal be held to include the plural, and words in the plural number shall be held to include the singular, unless the context ue
othe wise requires. at

(0) Each individual executing this Agreement on behalf of Operator warrants thet he or she has full
auth tity to execute this Agreement on behalf of Operator,

() Any amount due and payable hereunder that is not paid on the date it is due shall bear interest until ==» *
pai¢ at the maximum lawful rate of interest permitted to be charged under Applicable Laws. Notwithstanding any .
Pro''ision of this Agreement 00 the comrary, it is tho inter of Aushority and Operator that Authority shall not be cmitied =. ©
to riceive, collect, reserve or apply, as interest, any amoumt in exccss of the maximum amount of interest permitted to be re
cha ged under Applicable Laws. In the event this Agreement requires a payment of interest thet exceeds the maximum ==
an unt of interest permitted to be charged under Applicable Laws, such interest shall not be received, collected, charged =,
of r:served until such time as that Interest, together with all other interest then payable, falls within the maximum amount ~"- . *
Of f ‘terest. permitted tn be charged under Applicable Laws. In the event Authority receives any sich intereat in excess of ad
the maximum amount of interest permitted to be charged under Applicable Laws, the amount that would be excessive . a
inte rest shall be deemed a partial prepayment hereunder and treated as such, ot, if this Agreement has been terminated, ono
any remaining excess finds shall immediately bo paid to Oporator. 7 ‘

(y ‘This Agreement shall be govemed by and constructed in sccordanec with the laws of the State of .

Ter nessec. . '

(nD No waiver by a party hereto of 9 default by the other party in the performance of observance of :
an) of the terms, covenants and conditions hereof shall be construed as, or shall opetate as, @ waiver of any . ;
sut sequent default of any of the terns, covenants or conditions herein contained to be performed, kept and observed =
by such other party. _

(8) The parties hereto understand and agree that this instrument contains the entire agreement «'
between the partics hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, Bach party hereto further understands and .
agines that the other party and its agents have made no representations or promises with respect to this Agrecment - "
or ‘he making of entry into this Agreement except as expressly set forth herein. Each party hereto acknowledges that ° -
it } as thoroughly read tris Agreement, including any exhibits or attachments hereta, and hes sought and received such
Counpetent advice and counsel as was necessary for it to form a full and complete understanding of all rights and
08. igations herein.

6 .
ARCHI


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Authority and Operator have executed this Agreement as of the date first
written above.
METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE
AIRPORT AUTHORITY:
Raul L. Regalado, C.A.E.
President and Chief Executive Officer
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY: RECOMMENDED BY:
ZA Z leman Ss s Robert Wigington
Assistant Legal Officer Executive VP and Chief Operating Officer
OPERATOR: ao
¢ Sri pb iN tf .
. lg!
by: San habs Pa te| Loonfoy Poss.
Name: “joy Pate ms
Tide:_ Pveside
N
7


STATE OF TENNESSEE
COUNTY OF DAVIDSON

Before me, , a notary public of the state and
county mentioned, personally appeared Raul L. Regalado, with whom I am personally acquainted (or proved to me on
the basis of satisfactory evidence), and who, upon oath, acknowledged himself to be President and Chief Executive
Officer of Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority, the within bargainor, a corporation, and that he as such President
and Chief Executive Officer, being authorized so to do, executed the foregoing instrument for the purpose therein
contained, by personally signing the name of the corporation by himself as President and Chief Executive Officer.

Witness my hand and seal, at office in Nashville, Tennessee, this day of ,20_.

NOTARY PUBLIC
My Commission Expires:
[SEAL]
8


. LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
aT/ TEOF CN __.—.—) :
COUNTY OF _Tauidiso_—__——) Lag Dofast _ -
‘Before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public of the soie and county mentioned, personally appeared
_Sonjanbha Patel , with whom J am personally soqutiied (oF proved to me on the basis of
ati evidence), and who, upon oath, acknowledged himself to be _+Oeyider~ of
Foust ¢ Church LLG __, the within named bargainor,a_—TN____ limited liability company,
and that __he as such , being authorized to do so, executed the foregoing instrument '
for the purpose therein contained, by personally signing the name of the limited liability company as ;
Te jst
Witness my taml and seal, at office in Nach wile, _ TIN thie |" day of
SJwly 201. S _
ia) on .
Notary Public weeny
Viliyy a
My Commission Expires: 9,20) gay sre a
xi Tennessee i* =
Be OS
OMe oR i
“Ate
STATE OF _ }
CCUNTY OF ) : ‘
Before me, tho undersigned, a Notary Public of the state arid covtty mentioner, personally appeared ‘
—__, with whom J am personally acquainted (or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory
cvitlence), and who, upon oeth, scknowledged __ self to be of :
eg the within need bergainor, 8 corporation, and that :
__li¢ as such , being authorized to do so, oxccuted the foregoing instrument forthe
Pui 2086 therein contained, by personally signing the name of the corporation as___ : ‘ .
Witness my hand end seal, at office in : ___y this ay of
sO,
Notary Public
[SEAL] ;
M:: Commission Kxpires:
ai
9 .
