DocuSign Envelope ID: CE1075DE-B959-4D98-BC42-C01A67F28971
EXHIBIT A
GRANT CONTRACT No. 2024-R12-WFBCDC
BETWEEN THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE BY AND THROUGH
THE METROPOLITAN HOUSING TRUST FUND COMMISSION AND
THE WILLIAM FRANKLIN BUCHANAN COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION

This Grant Contract issued and entered into by and between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson

County, a municipal corporation of the State of Tennessee hereinafter referred to as “Metro”, and THE WILLIAM

FRANKLIN BUCHANAN COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION, hereinafter referred to as the “Recipient,” is

for the provision of the construction of affordable housing rental units as further defined in the "SCOPE OF

PROGRAM." THE WILLIAM FRANKLIN BUCHANAN COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION will be creating 60

affordable housing units located at 204 Safe Harbor Drive, Goodlettsville, TN, 37072, utilizing American Rescue Plan

Act (ARP) Funds. The recipient’s budget request is incorporated herein by reference. The Recipient is a nonprofit

charitable or civic organization.

A. SCOPE OF PROGRAM:

A.1. Each Property to which these grant funds are provided for shall be subject to a Declaration of Restrictive
Covenants (“Declaration”) imposing certain affordability requirements to encumber the Property and run
with the land over a 30-year term. Terms defined in the Declaration shall have the same meanings when used
in this Agreement.

A.2. _ The Recipient shall use the funds under this grant in accordance with the affordable housing project
submitted in the work scope, which is incorporated herein as Exhibit A and attached hereto, and any of
its amendments and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein.

A.3. The Recipient, under this Grant Contract, will spend American Rescue Plan Act (ARP) Funds solely for the
purposes set forth in the work scope outlined in Exhibit A. These funds shall be expended consistent with the
Grant Budget, included in Exhibit B. Although some variation in line-item amounts for the Grant is
consistent with the Grant Budget, any change greater than 20% of a draw category shall require the prior
written approval of Metro. However, in no event will the total amount of the Grant funds provided to
Recipient go above the awarded Grant amount of $7,000,000.

A4. This Grant Contract by and through the Housing Trust Fund Commission and the Recipient is expressly limited
to the Grant award and for the purposes described herein. Prior to the use of any funds, the property must be
properly zoned, and it is the sole responsibility of the Recipient to pursue any necessary rezoning or other
land use change. This Grant Contract in no way serves to supersede the authority of the Metro Nashville
Planning Commission or the Metropolitan Council’s authority to approve or deny zoning or land use changes
on the proposed property and shall not be used for such purposes.

A.5. — The Metro Housing Trust Fund will review progress at three months and six months to ensure that
property acquisition is complete and final project budget has been set. Periodic review will continue
throughout project to ensure timeline as set out in application is met. If property acquisition is not
complete six months after contract execution or if Recipient does not make satisfactory progress towards
project completion as defined in the scope of work or application, Metro reserves the right to rescind this
contract and the funds shall be returned to Metro.

{N0623361.1} {N0281585.1} 1
ARCHIVE


DocuSign Envelope ID: CE1075DE-B959-4D98-BC42-C01A67F28971

A.6. Additional Conditions for Limited Equity Cooperative Properties:

1. Recipient shall create the Limited Equity Cooperative entity (“LEC Entity”) and convert the project to a
Limited Equity Cooperative on or before December 31, 2025 (such date of conversion, the “Cooperative
Conversion Date”).

2. After the Cooperative Conversion Date, units in the project may be rented only to Rental
Tenants. “Rental Tenants” are those legal tenants in the project who are not Qualified Households or
who choose not to purchase their unit and any offered shares in the LEC Entity. Upon expiration of a
lease with a Rental Tenant, the LEC Entity shall offer renewal leases to Rental Tenants.

3. Upon vacancy of a unit by a Rental Tenant, the LEC Entity must sell the unit and any associated shares in
the LEC Entity to a household with an annual income that does not exceed 50 percent of the Area
Median Income dependent on family size as determined by the most recent Area Median Income (AMI)
guidelines that are published annually by HUD (“Qualified Household”).

4. Recipient and, after the Cooperative Conversion Date, the LEC Entity, will allow Metro or a Metro-
approved contractor to conduct on-site inspections for compliance with Barnes program requirements
including, but not limited to, reviewing Qualified Household documentation submitted for sales of units.

5: Compliance restrictions shall apply for thirty (30) years from the Cooperative Conversion Date, as
evidenced by related documentation recorded in the Register’s Office for Davidson County, Tennessee.

B. GRANT CONTRACT TERM:

B.1. Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant shall be from execution of the grant agreement until Project
completion, but in no way greater than 24 months from the execution of the grant agreement. Metro shall
have no obligation for services rendered by the Recipient which are not performed within this term.

Pursuant to Metropolitan Code of Laws § 2.149.040 (G), in the event the recipient fails to complete its
obligations under this grant contract within twenty-four months from execution, Metro is authorized to
rescind the contract and to reclaim previously appropriated funds from the organization.

Cc. PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

C.1.. Maximum Liability. In no event shall the maximum liability of Metro under this Grant Contract exceed Seven
Million Dollars ($7,000,000). The Grant Budget, attached and incorporated herein as part of Attachment A,
shall constitute the maximum amount to be provided to the Recipient by Metro for all of the Recipient’s
obligations hereunder. The Grant Budget line items include, but are not limited to, all applicable taxes, fees,
overhead, and all other direct and indirect costs incurred or to be incurred by the Recipient.

This amount shall constitute the Grant Amount and the entire compensation to be provided to the Recipient
by Metro.

C.2. Compensation Firm. The maximum liability of Metro is not subject to escalation for any reason. The Grant
Budget amount is firm for the duration of the Grant Contract and is not subject to escalation for any reason
unless the grant contract is amended.

G3. Payment Methodology. The Recipient shall be compensated for actual costs based upon the Grant Budget,
not to exceed the maximum liability established in Section C.1. Upon execution of the Grant Contract and
receipt of a request for payment, the Recipient may be eligible to receive reimbursement for milestones as
completed based upon the Grant Budget.

a. Acquisition Costs
Recipient anticipates utilizing the full grant amount for acquisition and will be required to establish an
escrow account with a third party, consistent with commonly accepted practices for real estate
transactions, such as provided in Exhibit B, which is attached hereto. The final escrow agreement by
and between the Recipient and escrow agent shall be approved by the Housing Director and Metro
Legal prior to the distribution of funds by Metro to the escrow agent.
{N0623361.1} {N0281585.1} 2
ARCHIVE


DocuSign Envelope ID: CE1075DE-B959-4D98-BC42-C01A67F28971
b. Grant Draws for Construction Expenses
In the event the full grant amount is not utilized for acquisition, the following draw schedule shall apply
to the remainder of funds to be used for construction expenses. Before a draw can be made, there must
be a physical inspection of the property by Metro or an approved designee. The inspection must
confirm appropriate completion of the project.
1) Construction Grant Draw Schedule (% based on grant amount)
® 25% Pre-construction draw at execution of project assessment and work scope.
Applicable reimbursable expenses include: lead-based paint inspection (if applicable),
project assessment, and work-scope development costs.
e Final 75% reimbursement requested on a bi-monthly basis as work progresses.
2) Balance of grant upon receipt of a Final Use & Occupancy from local Codes (100% complete).
All draw requests except for the first 25% draw must be inspected before funding.
Construction Grant Draw Process
e Draw request is received from the Recipient. It should be requested by the contractor
and approved by the Recipient.
« Complete property inspection
® Metro or approved designee approves the request.
e® Payments should be made to the Recipient.
All invoices shall be sent to:
Barnes Housing Trust Fund
Planning Department — Housing Division
PO Box 196300
Nashville, TN 37219
bfpayments@nashville.gov
Said payment shall not exceed the maximum liability of this Grant Contract.
Final invoices for the contract period should be received by Metro Payment Services by 24 months from the
execution of the grant agreement. Any invoice not received by the deadline date will not be processed and all
remaining grant funds will expire.

C.4._ Close-out Expenditure and Narrative Report. The Recipient must submit a final grant Close-out Expenditure
and Narrative Report, to be received by the Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission / Barnes Housing
Trust Fund within 45 days of project completion in conjunction with the submission of the final draw on the
award. Said report shall be in form and substance acceptable to Metro and shall be prepared by a Certified
Public Accounting Firm or the Chief Financial Officer of the Recipient Organization.

C.5. Payment of Invoice. The payment of any invoice by Metro shall not prejudice Metro’s right to object to the
invoice or any matter in relation thereto. Such payment by Metro shall neither be construed as acceptance
of any part of the work or service provided nor as an approval of any of the costs included therein.

C.6.  Unallowable Costs. The Recipient's invoice shall be subject to reduction for amounts included in any invoice
or payment theretofore made which are determined by Metro, on the basis of audits or monitoring
conducted in accordance with the terms of this Grant Contract, to constitute unallowable costs.

C.7. Deductions. Metro reserves the right to adjust any amounts which are or shall become due and payable to
the Recipient by Metro under this or any Contract by deducting any amounts which are or shall become due
and payable to Metro by the Recipient under this or any Contract.

{N0623361.1} {N0281585.1} 3


DocuSign Envelope ID: CE1075DE-B959-4D98-BC42-C01A67F28971

C8. Electronic Payment. Metro requires as a condition of this contract that the Recipient shall complete and sign
Metro's form authorizing electronic payments to the Recipient. Recipients who have not already submitted
the form to Metro will have thirty (30) days to complete, sign, and return the form. Thereafter, all payments
to the Recipient, under this or any other contract the Recipient has with Metro, must be made electronically.

C.9. Procurement. If applicable, Recipient agrees and understands that procurement of goods and services for the
grant project must comply with state and local law and regulations, including the Metropolitan Procurement
Code. Recipient will provide Metro with all plans and specifications needed for these procurement purposes.
Recipient will promptly review, and either approve or disapprove, in good faith and with reasonable grounds
all estimates, amendments to scope of work, and all work performed by a contractor prior to payment.

C.10. Public Meetings. At the reasonable request of Metro, Recipient agrees to attend public meetings,
neighborhood meetings, and other events regarding this Project.

C.11. Recognition. Any signage, printed materials, or online publications erected at the applicable Project site or
elsewhere regarding the Project shall include the following language or language acceptable by Metro
acknowledging that the Project is partially funded with a grant from the Barnes Fund for Affordable Housing of
the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County:

This project funded in part by the Barnes Affordable Housing Trust Fund of the Metropolitan
Government of Nashville & Davidson County.

Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission

Freddie O’Connell, Mayor

Metropolitan Council of Nashville and Davidson County

D. STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

D.1. | Required Approvals. Metro is not bound by this Grant Contract until it is approved by the appropriate
Metro representatives as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.

D.2. Modification and Amendment. This Grant Contract may be modified only by a written amendment that has
been approved in accordance with all Metro procedures and by appropriate legislation of the Metropolitan
Council.

D.3. Default and Termination for Cause. Any failure by Owner to perform any term or provision of this Grant
Contract shall constitute a "Default" (1) if such failure is curable within 30 days and Recipient does not cure
such failure within 30 days following written notice of default from Metro, or (2) if such failure is not of a
nature which cannot reasonably be cured within such 30-day period and Recipient does not within such 30-
day period commence substantial efforts to cure such failure or thereafter does not within a reasonable time
prosecute to completion with diligence and continuity the curing of such failure. Should the Recipient Default
under this Grant Contract or if the Recipient violates any terms of this Grant Contract, Metro shall have the
right to immediately terminate the Grant Contract and the Recipient shall return to Metro any and all grant
monies for services or projects under the grant not performed as of the termination date. The Recipient shall
also return to Metro any and all funds expended for purposes contrary to the terms of the Grant. Such
termination shall not relieve the Recipient of any liability to Metro for damages sustained by virtue of any
breach by the Recipient.

D.4. Subcontracting. The Recipient shall not assign this Grant Contract or enter into a subcontract for any of the
services performed under this Grant Contract without obtaining the prior written approval of Metro.
Notwithstanding any use of approved subcontractors, the Recipient shall be considered the prime Recipient
and shall be responsible for all work performed.

{N0623361.1} {N0281585.1} 4

ARCHIVE


DocuSign Envelope ID: CE1075DE-B959-4D98-BC42-C01A67F28971

D.5. Conflicts of Interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount shall be paid directly or
indirectly to an employee or official of Metro as wages, compensation, or gifts in exchange for acting as an
officer, agent, employee, subcontractor, or consultant to the Recipient in connection with any work
contemplated or performed relative to this Grant Contract.

The Grantee also recognizes that no person identified as a Covered Person below may obtain a financial
interest or benefit from a Metro Housing Trust Fund Competitive Grant assisted activity, or have an interest
in any contract, subcontract or agreement with respect thereto, or the proceeds thereunder, either for
themselves or those whom they have family or business ties, during their tenure or for one year thereafter.
Covered Persons include immediate family members of any employee or board member of the Grantee.
Covered Persons are ineligible to receive benefits through the Metro Housing Trust Fund Competitive Grant
program. Immediate family ties include (whether by blood, marriage or adoption) a spouse, parent (including
stepparent), child (including a stepbrother or stepsister), sister, brother, grandparent, grandchild, and in-laws
of a Covered Person.

D.6. Nondiscrimination. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person shall be excluded
from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination in the performance
of this Grant Contract or in the employment practices of the Recipient on the grounds of disability, age,
race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other classification which is in violation of applicable laws.
The Recipient shall, upon request, show proof of such nondiscrimination and shall post in conspicuous
places, available to all employees and applicants, notices of nondiscrimination.

D.7. Records. All documents relating in any manner whatsoever to the grant project, or any designated portion
thereof, which are in the possession of Recipient, or any subcontractor of Recipient shall be made available to
the Metropolitan Government for inspection and copying upon written request by the Metropolitan
Government. Furthermore, said documents shall be made available, upon request by the Metropolitan
Government, to any state, federal or other regulatory authority and any such authority may review, inspect and
copy such records. Said records include, but are not limited to, all drawings, plans, specifications, submittals,
correspondence, minutes, memoranda, tape recordings, videos or other writings or things which document
the grant project, its design and its construction. Said records expressly include those documents reflecting
the cost of construction, including all subcontracts and payroll records of Recipient.

Recipient shall maintain documentation for all funds provided under this grant contract. The books, records,
and documents of Recipient, insofar as they relate to funds provided under this grant contract, shall be
maintained for a period of three (3) full years from the date of the final payment. The books, records, and
documents of Recipient, insofar as they relate to funds provided under this grant contract, shall be subject to
audit at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by Metro or its duly appointed representatives.
Records shall be maintained in accordance with the standards outlined in the Metro Grants Manual. The
financial statements shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

D.8. | Monitoring. The Recipient’s activities conducted and records maintained pursuant to this Grant Contract
shall be subject to monitoring and evaluation by Metro or Metro’s duly appointed representatives. The
Recipient shall make all audit, accounting, or financial records, notes, and other documents pertinent to this
grant available for review by the Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability, Internal Audit or Metro’s
representatives, upon request, during normal working hours.

D.9. Reporting. The Recipient must submit an Interim Program Report, to be received by the Metropolitan
Housing Trust Commission / Barnes Housing Trust Fund, by no later than June 1, 2025, and a Final Program
Report, to be received by the Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission within 45 [forty-five] days of the
end of the Grant Contract. Said reports shall detail the outcome of the activities funded under this Grant

{N0623361.1} {N0281585.1} 5
ARCHIVE


DocuSign Envelope ID: CE1075DE-B959-4D98-BC42-C01A67F28971
Contract.

D.10. Strict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist in any one or more cases upon the strict performance of any of
the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement shall not be construed as a waiver or
relinquishment of any such term, covenant, condition, or provision. No term or condition of this Grant
Contract shall be held to be waived, modified, or deleted except by a written amendment by the appropriate
parties as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.

D.11. Insurance. The Recipient shall maintain adequate public liability and other appropriate forms of insurance,
including other appropriate forms of insurance on the Recipient’s employees, and to pay all applicable
taxes incident to this Grant Contract.

D.12. Metro Liability. Metro shall have no liability except as specifically provided in this Grant Contract.

D. 13. Independent Contractor. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to create a partnership or
joint venture between the Recipient and Metro or to create the relationship of principal and agent between
or among the Recipient and Metro. The Recipient shall not hold itself out in a manner contrary to the terms
of this paragraph. Metro shall not become liable for any representation, act, or omission of any other party
contrary to the terms of this paragraph.

D.14. Indemnification and Hold Harmless.

(a) Recipient shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Metro, its officers, agents and employees from any
claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees for injuries or damages arising, in part or in whole, from
the negligent or intentional acts or omissions of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its
sub or independent contractors, in connection with the performance of the contract, and any claims,
damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees arising from any failure of Recipient, its officers, employees
and/or agents, including its sub or independent contractors, to observe applicable laws, including, but not
limited to, labor laws and minimum wage laws.

(b) Metro will not indemnify, defend or hold harmless in any fashion the Recipient from any claims,
regardless of any language in any attachment or other document that the Recipient may provide.

(c) Recipient shall pay Metro any expenses incurred as a result of Recipient’s failure to fulfill any obligation in
a professional and timely manner under this Contract.

(d) Grantee’s duties under this section shall survive the termination or expiration of the grant.

D.15. Force Majeure. The obligations of the parties to this Grant Contract are subject to prevention by causes
beyond the parties’ control that could not be avoided by the exercise of due care including, but not limited to,
acts of God, riots, wars, strikes, epidemics or any other similar cause.

D.16. State, Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with all applicable federal, state and
local laws and regulations in the performance of this Grant Contract.

D.17. Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction and effect of this Grant Contract and any and all
extensions and/or modifications thereof shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
the State of Tennessee. The venue for legal action concerning this Grant Contract shall be in the courts of
Davidson County, Tennessee.

D.18 Attorney Fees. Recipient agrees that, in the event either party deems it necessary to take legal action to
enforce any provision of the Grant Contract, and in the event Metro prevails, Recipient shall pay all expenses

{N0623361.1} {N0281585.1} 6


DocuSign Envelope ID: CE1075DE-B959-4D98-BC42-C01A67F28971
of such action including Metro’s attorney fees and costs at all stages of the litigation.

D.19. Completeness. This Grant Contract is complete and contains the entire understanding between the parties
relating to the subject matter contained herein, including all the terms and conditions of the parties’
agreement. This Grant Contract supersedes any and all prior understandings, representations, negotiations,
and agreements between the parties relating hereto, whether written or oral.

D. 20. Headings. Section headings are for reference purposes only and shall not be construed as part of this Grant
Contract.

D.21 Licensure. The Recipient and its employees and all sub-grantees shall be licensed pursuant to all applicable
federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, rules, and regulations and shall upon request provide proof of all
licenses. Recipient will obtain all permits, licenses, and permissions necessary for the grant project.

D.22. Waiver. No waiver of any provision of this contract shall affect the right of any party thereafter to enforce such
provision or to exercise any right or remedy available to it in the event of any other default.

D. 23. Inspection. The Grantee agrees to permit inspection of the project and/or services provided for herein,
without any charge, by members of the Grantor and its representatives.

D. 24. Assignment—Consent Required. The provisions of this contract shall inure to the benefit of and shall be
binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Except for the rights of money
due to Recipient under this contract, neither this contract nor any of the rights and obligations of Recipient
hereunder shall be assigned or transferred in whole or in part without the prior written consent of Metro.
Any such assignment or transfer shall not release Recipient from its obligations hereunder. Notice of
assignment of any rights to money due to Recipient under this Contract must be sent to the attention of the
Metro Department of Finance.

D.25. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or agree to give
any employee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to solicit, demand, accept or
agree to accept from another person, a gratuity or an offer of employment in connection with any decision,
approval, disapproval, recommendation, preparations of any part of a program requirement or a purchase
request, influencing the content of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice,
investigation, auditing or in any other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request for ruling,
determination, claim or controversy in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim
or controversy or other particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or subcontract
or to any solicitation or proposal therefore. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any payment, gratuity
or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor under a contract to the prime
contractor or higher tier subcontractor or a person associated therewith, as an inducement for the award of a
subcontract or order. Breach of the provisions of this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a
breach of ethical standards which may result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or suspension
from participation in Metropolitan Government contracts.

D.26. Communications and Contacts. All instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other communications from
the Recipient required or contemplated by this Grant Contract shall be in writing and shall be made by
facsimile transmission, email, or by first class mail, addressed to the respective party at the appropriate
facsimile number or address as set forth below or to such other party, facsimile number, or address as may
be hereafter specified by written notice.

{N0623361.1} {N0281585.1} 7
ARCHIVE


DocuSign Envelope ID: CE1075DE-B959-4D98-BC42-C01A67F28971

Metro:

For contract-related matters and enquiries regarding invoices:

Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission / Barnes Housing Trust Fund
Planning Department — Housing Division

PO Box 196300

Nashville, TN 37219

bfpayments@nashville.gov

Recipient:

The William Franklin Buchanan Community Development Corporation
Carlina Bell Rollins, Executive Director
4121 Clarksville Pike, Ste. 9
Nashville, TN 37218
(615) 256-4329
carlina@wfbcdc.org
D.27. Lobbying. The Recipient certifies, to the best of its knowledge and belief, that:

a. No federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid, by or on behalf of the Recipient, to
any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any agency, a
Member of Congress in connection with the awarding of any federal contract, the making of any
federal grant, the making of any federal loan, and entering into of any cooperative agreement, and
the extension, continuation, renewal, amendment, or modification of any federal contract, grant,
loan, or cooperative agreement.

b. If any funds other than federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid to any person for
influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any agency, a Member of Congress,
an officer or employee of Congress, or an employee of a Member of Congress in connection with this
grant, loan, or cooperative agreement, the Recipient shall complete and submit Standard Form-LLL,
“Disclosure Form to Report Lobbying,” in accordance with its instructions.

Cc. The Recipient shall require that the language of this certification be included in the award documents
for all sub-awards at all tiers (including sub-grants, subcontracts, and contracts under grants, loans,
and cooperative agreements) and that all subcontractors of federally appropriated funds shall certify
and disclose accordingly.

Effective Date. This contract shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed first by the Recipient

and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government and has been filed in the office of

the Metropolitan Clerk. When it has been so signed and filed, this contract shall be effective as of the date first
written above.
{N0623361.1} {N0281585.1} 8


DocuSign Envelope ID: CE1075DE-B959-4D98-BC42-C01A67F28971
IPIENT:
THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF REC .
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY: The William Franklin Buchanan
Community Development Corporation
APPROVED AS TO PROGRAM SCOPE:
By;__Carlina Bell Rollins
Title: Executive Director
Peter Westerholm Sworn to and subscribed to before me a
Peter Westerholm, Chair, Notary Public, this___day
Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund of Cs 2024.
Commission
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF Notary Public
FUNDS:
‘DocuSigned by:
| bavi Crusbo/ngus 7/2/2024
Kevin Crumbo, Director ™
Department of Finance _
My Commission
expires.
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY:
Zesen V. ates Warsh,
Assistant Metropoliteh Attorney
APPROVED AS TO RISK AND INSURANCE:
Bablogun Cebb
Director‘of Risk Management Services
APPROVED BY METROPOLITAN
GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND
DAVIDSON COUNTY: .
A j » y g
fig Bate
f- t am Sr a2 (ARE
Metropolitan Clerk -
{N0623361.1} {NO281585.1} 9


DocuSign Envelope ID: CE1075DE-B959-4D98-BC42-C01A67F28971
EXHIBIT B
\
/ ep By
Nara
Barnes Housing Trust Fund Round 12 Work Scope

Organization: The William Franklin Buchanan Community Development Corporation

Grant: ARPA Cooperative Housing for Families

Project: Nashville Limited Equity Housing Co-op

Development Type: Homeownership: Limited Equity Cooperative

Development Address: 204 Safe Harbor Drive, Goodlettsville, TN, 37072

Amount Awarded: $7,000,000

Number of Barnes-funded Units: 60

Target Populations Served: Families at or below 50% AMI

AMI Targets:

Below 30% AMI 31-60% AMI 61-80% AMI

Project Timeline:
April - July 2024
In April we will start outreach planning with partners to develop strategy and timeline for meetings with
(target) community members and current residents.
Grant contract finalized with Barnes Fund, City council vote
July 2024
Purchasing the complex will be completed by July 15, 2024, according to PSA (NOTE: PSA may be
extended further for consistency with timing on finalization of Grant Contract with Barnes Fund, City
council vote). As Barnes funding will be used as capital to purchase property, these funds will be
expended at that time.
August 2024 - August 2025
Rehab/remodeling/construction and any work that inspection of the property reveals as necessary may
start as early as August 2024.
{N0623361.1} 1


DocuSign Envelope ID: CE1075DE-B959-4D98-BC42-C01A67F28971
Resident-owner and train-the-trainer training will start in July (or after complex acquisition) with UHAB
and conclude as units are move-in ready and construction is completed. UHAB training and co-op board
formation starting with the existing tenants who have shown interest in joining the co-op. Community
engagement meetings with Co-ops 101 education with support organizations prioritizing target
populations, regular Housing Co-op informational sessions for participants of Co-ops 101 training,
screening, establish waiting list with families and individuals at or<50% AMI.
During this time we anticipate that the co-op conversion process will be completed and much of the
work from a legal perspective will take place to form necessary entities and CLT formation. We will be
working with Reno & Cavanaugh on the CLT formation.
Rehab and upgrading units will occur in a least disruptive way for the existing tenants. Tenants might be
asked to transition between units in order to complete upgrades/remodel. Some tenants might like to
move to a larger or smaller unit if their family use situation has changed since their move-in.
July 2025 - December 2025
FHA loan and permanent closing can take up to 1 year and is anticipated in the summer of 2025 or well
before ARPA funds must be expended.
Co-op is established, interim financing is paid off.
CLT is established, CLT and Co-op Boards have been formed.
Ground is lease signed with CLT and co-op.
{N0623361.1} 2


DocuSign Envelope ID: CE1075DE-B959-4D98-BC42-C01A67F28971
EXHIBIT B
AGREEMENT REGARDING ESCROW AND DISBURSEMENTS
This AGREEMENT REGARDING ESCROW AND DISBURSEMENTS, dated as of the day of
2024 (the “Escrow Agreement”), is made by and among THE WILLIAM FRANKLIN BUCHANAN
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION, a Tennessee nonprofit corporation (“Sponsor”);
, a Tennessee nonprofit limited liability company whose sole member is
Sponsor (“Owner”); and RENO & CAVANAUGH, PLLC (“Escrow Agent”).
WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, pursuant to a Purchase and Sale Agreement by and between Sponsor as Buyer and
204 Safe Harbor Drive, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Seller”), as Seller, dated as of February
28, 2024, (as amended, the “Purchase Agreement”), Sponsor has contracted to purchase a 60-unit
apartment complex located at 204 Safe Harbor Drive, Goodlettsville, Davidson County, Tennessee (the
“Project”) for purposes of establishing a limited equity cooperative; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption of Purchase and Sale Agreement by and
between Sponsor as Assignor and Owner as Assignee, Sponsor has assigned its rights and obligations
under the Purchase Agreement to Owner; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to a Grant Contract between The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and
Davidson County, Tennessee by and through The Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission (“Metro”)
and The William Franklin Buchanan Community Development Corporation dated as of
2024 (the “Grant Contract”), Sponsor has received a $7,000,000 grant (the “Grant”) to facilitate
acquisition of the Project and conversion into a limited equity cooperative, which Sponsor intends to loan
to Owner to facilitate Owner’s acquisition of the Project (the “Sponsor Loan”); and

WHEREAS, Owner is obtaining a first priority mortgageloanfrom_——C—‘C;C‘é(“Lernderr”)
inthe amountof$_——_to facilitate Owner’s acquisition and rehabilitation of the Project (the
“Mortgage Loan”), with Owner’s acquisition of the Project, the Sponsor Loan, and the Mortgage Loan to
close simultaneously in a single closing (the “Closing Date”); and

WHEREAS, if applicable on the Closing Date, Owner will execute and record a Declaration of
Condominium (the “Condo Declaration”) establishing a condominium arrangement for the Project; and]

WHEREAS, on the Closing Date or project completion, Owner will execute and record
“Affordability Restrictions” a establishing long-term affordability covenants on the Project (“Affordability
Restrictions” are different than the Barnes Fund Deed of Restrictive Covenant, which will be recorded
when the project is completed); and]
WHEREAS, provided the applicable closing conditions of Sponsor, Seller, and Lender are satisfied,
Escrow Agent will be authorized and agrees to release and deliver the funds, documents and
instruments described below upon receipt of notice from Sponsor pursuant to the terms hereof and
Seller and Lender pursuant to separate escrow instructions, if any, provided by Seller and/or Lender, as
applicable (any such instructions, the “Third Party Instructions”).
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises herein and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby mutually
{N0623361.1} 3


DocuSign Envelope ID: CE1075DE-B959-4D98-BC42-C01A67F28971
covenant and agree as follows:

1. Definitions. Each and every of the definitions set forth in the foregoing “introduction”
and “whereas clauses” are hereby incorporated into this Escrow Agreement by reference.

2. Appointment of Escrow Agent. The parties hereto hereby appoint Escrow Agent as
escrow agent to act under and in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Escrow Agreement and
Escrow Agent hereby accepts such appointment, subject to the terms and conditions hereof. Escrow
Agent has also been engaged by Sponsor and Owner to serve as counsel in the transactions outlined
herein; this Escrow Agreement is intended to formalize the closing process and satisfy requirements of
the Metro, which will be relying on this Escrow Agreement in releasing the Grant proceeds to Sponsor for
use in making the Sponsor Loan and facilitating Owner’s acquisition of the Project.

3. Deposit into Escrow and Related Matters.

(a) Documents. On or before 5:00 p.m. Nashville, Tennessee time on the date
hereof, full PDF copies and the execution counterparts of the following original documents (unless
otherwise agreed to) shall be delivered to Escrow Agent (such documents, together with the
monies described in Section 3(b) hereof, being sometimes referred to herein as the “Escrow
Items”):

(i) Execution counterparts of the documents listed on Schedule | hereto

(collectively, the “Transaction Documents”);

(ii) (A) those documents the parties require Escrow Agent to record in the

Official Records for Davidson County, State of Tennessee or file with the Secretary of State

of Tennessee, as applicable, which documents are listed on Schedule Il hereto

(collectively, the “Recordable Documents”), and (B) and any and all other documents

necessary for the issuance of the Title Policy (as defined below) in accordance with the

provisions of this Agreement (together with the Transaction Documents and the

Recordable Documents, the “Documents”).

(b) On or before 11:00 a.m. Nashville, Tennessee time on the Closing Date, Owner
shall deposit or cause to be deposited with Escrow Agent (according to the wire instructions set
forth on Schedule Ill attached hereto (the “Escrow Agent Wire Instructions”), (1) proceeds from
the Grant in the amount of $7,000,000 to be used in funding the Sponsor Loan, and (2) proceeds
from the Mortgage Loan in the amount of $ , all to be deposited with the
Escrow Agent pursuant to the Escrow Agent Wire Instructions.

4. Delivery of Policy. Escrow Agent hereby agrees, as agent for Old Republic National Title
Insurance Company, to issue in favor of Owner upon satisfaction of the conditions precedent in Section 5
hereof, an owner’s policy of title insurance (the “Title Policy”) in the form and substance of the proforma
policy and endorsements attached at Schedule IV hereto (the “Proforma Policy’).

5. Closing Conditions. The parties hereto hereby agree that the following conditions
(collectively, the “Closing Conditions”) must be satisfied prior to Sponsor, Owner, and Escrow Agent
completing the Closing:

(i) Receipt by Escrow Agent of the Documents and the amounts required to be

{N0623361.1} 4


DocuSign Envelope ID: CE1075DE-B959-4D98-BC42-C01A67F28971
wired pursuant to Section 3(b) (the “Funds”);
(ii) Escrow Agent shall have provided confirmation to all parties hereto, on or
before 2:00 p.m., central time, on the Closing Date, that its requirements for issuance of
the Title Policy in the form of the Proforma Policy upon recordation of the Recordable
Documents have been met and that upon satisfaction of the Closing Duties set forth in
Section 7, it is ready to record and file the respective Recordable Documents, disburse
funds in accordance with the Settlement Statement attached hereto as Schedule V, and
close; and
(iii) On or before 2:00 p.m., central time, on the Closing Date, Sponsor, Owner,
Seller (or Seller’s counsel), and Lender (or Lender’s counsel), shall have provided oral or
email confirmation to the other parties that they are ready to close (including
authorization to close pursuant to any Third Party Instructions).
6. Termination of Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, all parties
hereto agree that the Closing Conditions must be satisfied no later than 5:00 p.m., central time on
2024 (the “Escrow Termination Date”), or else this Agreement shall terminate and
Escrow Agent shall return all Escrow Items, except to the extent authorized in writing by the parties and
any Third Party Instructions to extend the Escrow Termination Date and retain the Documents and Funds
for an extended time.
7 Closing Duties of Escrow Agent and other Parties. The parties hereto hereby agree that:
(a) Upon satisfaction of the Closing Conditions, the following documents and/or
funds shall be released, delivered and/or disbursed in accordance with the following procedure:
(i) Escrow Agent shall proceed to (A) complete any blank dates in the
Recordable Documents, (B) properly complete or cause to be
completed, prior to filing or recording by the applicable filing or
recording office, as applicable, the blanks in each of the Recordable
Documents, and (C) properly file and record the Recordable Documents
in the official records of Davidson County, Tennessee and with the
Tennessee Secretary of State, as applicable, in the order set forth on
Schedule Il; and
(ii) Escrow Agent shall pay the closing costs, disbursements and other
expenses set forth on the Settlement Statement attached hereto as
Schedule V.
(b) Promptly following the completion of the procedure set forth in Section 7(a), (i) Escrow
Agent shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the other parties hereto fully executed copies of
the Documents, and (ii) Escrow Agent, upon receipt from the recording office of confirmation of
recording of the applicable Recordable Documents in the official records of Davidson County,
Tennessee, shall notify the other parties hereto that such Recordable Documents have been
recorded and provide copies of the recorded Recordable Documents to the parties.
(c) Until receipt of confirmation of recording from Escrow Agent pursuant to Section 7(b)(ii)
above, Owner shall not authorize or permit the commencement of any work, the supplying of
any materials, or any other event that would give rise to any lien or encumbrance that would be
entitled to priority over the Mortgage recorded to secure the Loan.
{N0623361.1} 5
ARCHIVE


DocuSign Envelope ID: CE1075DE-B959-4D98-BC42-C01A67F28971

8. Satisfaction and Termination.

(a) Notwithstanding any provision of this Escrow Agreement to the contrary,
satisfaction of the Closing Conditions set forth in Section 5 hereof must occur prior to the Escrow
Termination Date, unless extended pursuant to the provisions of Section 5(iii).

(b) If the Closing Conditions set forth in Section 5 hereof do not occur prior to the
Escrow Termination Date (unless extended pursuant to Section 5(iii)), then the Escrow Agent shall
immediately return the Escrow Items to the parties from which they were received.

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Escrow Agreement shall terminate upon the
release, delivery and/or disbursement by the appropriate parties of all documents and/or funds
held by them in accordance with the provisions hereof.

9. Amendments. This Escrow Agreement may not be amended or modified in any respect
whatsoever except by an instrument in writing signed by all of the parties hereto.

10. Counterparts; Facsimile Execution. This Escrow Agreement may be simultaneously
executed in several counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument and each of
which shall be, and shall be deemed to be, an original. A manual signature of this Escrow Agreement which
is transmitted in the form of a facsimile or sent via the Internet as a pdf (portable document format) or
other replicating image attached to an email message shall constitute an original signature for all
purposes.

11. No Third-Party Beneficiary. Other than Metro pursuant to the provisions of Section 2
above, there shall be no beneficiary of any rights, duties and obligations hereunder other than the parties
hereto.

12. Further Assurances. The parties hereto hereby agree to execute and deliver, or cause to
be executed and delivered, all such other documents, agreements and instruments as may reasonably be
requested by any other party to further evidence the terms and provisions, and more fully carry out the
purposes and intents, of this Agreement.

13. Release and Indemnification of Escrow Agent. The parties hereto hereby release the
Escrow Agent from and, in addition, Sponsor and Owner agree to defend and hold the Escrow Agent
harmless from and against, any and all claims, suits, costs, expenses, liabilities, damages or losses
(including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses through all investigations and
proceedings) (collectively, the “Liabilities and Costs”) arising hereunder or in connection herewith (except
for Liabilities and Costs occasioned by the Escrow Agent’s gross negligence or willful misconduct, as
applicable). Sponsor and Owner hereby agree to reimburse the Escrow Agent and its directors, officers,
employees, agents and attorneys for any Liabilities and Costs incurred by any of them arising hereunder
or in connection herewith, except for such Liabilities and Costs occasioned by their gross negligence or
willful misconduct. Escrow Agent is serving as counsel to Sponsor and Owner in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby, and, accordingly, the provisions of this Section 13 apply only to the
performance by Escrow Agent of its responsibilities pursuant to this Escrow Agreement.

14. Commingling of Funds. The parties hereto hereby agree that any and all moneys
deposited and/or held under this Escrow Agreement shall be held by the Escrow Agent in its Tennessee
IOLTA account.

{N0623361.1} 6


DocuSign Envelope ID: CE1075DE-B959-4D98-BC42-C01A67F28971

15. Disputes. If there are any disputes as to whether Escrow Agent is obligated to deliver any
of the moneys or documents delivered to it pursuant hereto, Escrow Agent shall not be obligated to make
any delivery, but in such event, may hold the same until receipt by Escrow Agent of an authorization in
writing signed by all the parties having an interest in such dispute, directing the disposition of same. If
such written authorization is not given, or if proceedings for such determination are not commenced and
diligently continued, Escrow Agent may, but is not required to, bring an appropriate proceeding for leave
to deposit said moneys and/or documents in the registry of a court having jurisdiction in the State of
Tennessee pending such determination. Escrow Agent shall be reimbursed by Sponsor and Owner for all
costs and expenses incurred in connection with any such action or proceeding, including, without
limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and disbursements through all investigations and proceedings. In
the event Escrow Agent places the moneys and/or documents it holds in the registry of a court pursuant
to this Section 15 and files an action of interpleader naming the parties having an interest in such dispute,
Escrow Agent shall be released and relieved from any and all further obligation and liability hereunder or
in connection herewith.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]
{N0623361.1} 7
ARCHIVE


DocuSign Envelope ID: CE1075DE-B959-4D98-BC42-C01A67F28971
The following pages to be completed with final escrow agreement, which must be approved by Metro
Legal and the Housing Director.
[Add Signature Blocks]
{N0623361.1} 1


DocuSign Envelope ID: CE1075DE-B959-4D98-BC42-C01A67F28971
{NO623361.1} 4885-1993-7977, v.5 ARC H IVE


DocuSign Envelope ID: CE1075DE-B959-4D98-BC42-C01A67F28971
{NO623361.1} 4885-1993-7977, v.5 ARC H IVE


DocuSign Envelope ID: CE1075DE-B959-4D98-BC42-C01A67F28971
SCHEDULE |
ESCROW AGENT WIRE INSTRUCTIONS
{NO623361.1} 4885-1993-7977, v.5 ARC H IVE


DocuSign Envelope ID: CE1075DE-B959-4D98-BC42-C01A67F28971
SCHEDULE II
PROFORMA POLICY
ATTACHED
{NO623361.1} 4885-1993-7977, v.5 ARC H IVE


DocuSign Envelope ID: CE1075DE-B959-4D98-BC42-C01A67F28971
SCHEDULE III
SETTLEMENT STATEMENT.
ATTACHED
i , Peter Wasterholm i , Carling bell Rolling
Signature: Peter Westerholm (Jul 2, 2024 11:58 CDT) Signature: Carlina Bell Rollins (Jul 2, 2024 15:07 CDT)
Email; pwesterholm@gnrc.org Email: carlina@wfbcdc.org
IN0623361 13


DocuSign Envelope ID: CE1075DE-B959-4D98-BC42-C01A67F28971
Final Audit Report 2024-07-02
Created: 2024-07-02
By: Rasheedah Pardue (Rasheedah.Pardue@nashville.gov)
Status: Signed
Transaction ID: CBJCHBCAABAA7Ié6fs8fMA6MpSMLruSWia4Wis1pJIS3L
it " r}
WFBCDC Contract (N0623361xD719A)-1" History
| Document created by Rasheedah Pardue (Rasheedah.Pardue@nashville.gov)
2024-07-02 - 4:44:12 PM GMT
E34 Document emailed to Peter Westerholm (pwesterholm@gnrc.org) for signature
2024-07-02 - 4:44:17 PM GMT
© Document emailed to Carlina Bell (carlina@wfbcdc.org) for signature
2024-07-02 - 4:44:18 PM GMT
©) Email viewed by Peter Westerholm (pwesterholm@gnrc.org)
2024-07-02 - 4:46:19 PM GMT
© Document e-signed by Peter Westerholm (pwesterholm@gnrc.org)
Signature Date: 2024-07-02 - 4:58:23 PM GMT - Time Source: server
| Email viewed by Carlina Bell (carlina@wfbcdc.org)
2024-07-02 - 8:05:38 PM GMT
©» Signer Carlina Bell (carlina@wfbcdc.org) entered name at signing as Carlina Bell Rollins
2024-07-02 - 8:07:42 PM GMT
©» Document e-signed by Carlina Bell Rollins (carlina@wfbcdc.org)
Signature Date: 2024-07-02 - 8:07:44 PM GMT - Time Source: server
© Agreement completed.
2024-07-02 - 8:07:44 PM GMT
Adobe Acrobat Sign
