A~A%/095

Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and

Bellevue Exchange Club Foundation Contract # L£- 31Y ] March 10, 2014

GRANT CONTRACT
BETWEEN THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
AND
Bellevue Exchange Club Foundation

This Grant Contract issued and entered into pursuant to RS2013-881 by and between the Metropolitan

Government of Nashville and Davidson County, a municipal corporation of the State of Tennessee

hereinafter referred to as “Metro”, and Bellevue Exchange Club Foundation, hereinafter referred to as the

“Recipient,” is for the provision of, “developing and implementing a series of educational workshops

related to gardening,” as further defined in the "SCOPE OF PROGRAM." The recipient's audit is

incorporated herein by reference.

A. SCOPE OF PROGRAM:

At, The Recipient shall use the funds to provide services to the citizens of Davidson County.
Incorporated into this contract is the program described in Attachment 1, the application
submitted by the Recipient and any of its amendments, which is attached hereto and made a part
thereof. The Recipient shall work toward the following outcomes:

“Develop and implement a series of educational workshops related to gardening, garden issues
harvesting and preserving produce, pest control etc., and to make these workshops available to
residents of the bellevue community and greater Nashville area..”

A.2. These funds shall be expended consistent with the proposed budget, included in Attachment 1.
The Recipient shall collect data to evaluate the effectiveness of their services and provide those
results to Metro as requested. .

A.3. The recipient shall utilize Metro funding only for services the Recipient provides to documented
residents of Davidson County. Documentation of residency shall be established with a recent
utility bill; voter's registration card; driver's license or other government issued-ID; current record
from a school showing address; affidavit by landlord; or affidavit by a nonprofit treatment, shelter,
half-way house, or homeless assistance entity located within Davidson County. Utilization of
Metro funding for services to non-Davidson County residents is unallowable.

A.4. Additionally, the recipient shall collect data on the primary county of residence of the clients it
serves and provide that data to Metro, upon request.

B. GRANT CONTRACT TERM:

B.1. Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant shall be for a period of ten (10) months,
commencing on July 1, 2013 and ending on April 30, 2014. Metro shall have no obligation for
services rendered by the Recipient which are not performed within this term.

Cc. PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

C.1. | Maximum Liability. In no event shall the maximum liability of Metro under this Grant Contract
exceed $2,000.00 dollars (two thousand dollars). The proposed budget, attached and
incorporated herein as part of Attachment 1, shall constitute the maximum amount to be provided
to the Recipient by Metro for all of the Recipient's obligations hereunder. The proposed budget
line items include, but are not limited to, all applicable taxes, fees, overhead, and all other direct
and indirect costs incurred or to be incurred by the Recipient.

1


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Yashyilie and Davidson County and

Bellevue Exchange Club Foundation Contract # ~31¥7 March 10, 2014
This amount shall constitute the Grant Amount and the entire compensation to be provided to the
Recipient by Metro.

C.2. Compensation Firm. The maximum liability of Metro is not subject to escalation for any reason.
The Grant proposed budget amount is firm for the duration of the Grant Contract and is not
subject to escalation for any reason unless the grant contract is amended.

C.3. Payment Methodology. The Recipient shall be compensated for actual costs based upon the
proposed budget, not to exceed the maximum liability established in Section C.1.

Upon progress toward the completion of the work, as described in Section A of this Grant
Contract, the Recipient shall submit invoices to demonstrate that the funds are used as required
by this Grant, prior to any payment for allowable costs. Such invoices shall be submitted and
indicate at a minimum the amount charged by proposed budget line-item for the period invoiced,
the amount charged by line-item to date, the total amount charged for the period invoiced, and
the total amount charged under this Grant Contract to date.

All invoices shall be sent to Metro Payment Services, PO Box 196301, Nashville TN 37219-
6301. Said payment shall not exceed the maximum liability of this Grant Contract.

Final invoices for the contract period should be received by Metro Payment Services by May 14,
2014. Any invoice not received by the deadline date will not be processed and all remaining
grant funds will expire.

C.4. Expenditure Report. The Recipient shall submit a final grant Expenditure Report at the end of the
Grant Contract. Said report shall be in form and substance acceptable to Metro and shall be
prepared by the Chief Financial Officer of the Recipient Organization.

C.5. Payment of Invoice. The payment of any invoice by Metro shall not prejudice Metro's right to
object to the invoice or any matter in relation thereto. Such payment by Metro shall neither be
construed as acceptance of any part of the work or service provided nor as an approval of any of
the costs included therein.

C.6. _ Unallowable Costs. The Recipient's invoice shall be subject to reduction for amounts included in
any invoice or payment theretofore made which are determined by Metro, on the basis of audits
or monitoring conducted in accordance with the terms of this Grant Contract, to constitute
unallowable costs. Utilization of Metro funding for services to non-Davidson County residents is
unallowable.

C.7. Deductions. Metro reserves the right to adjust any amounts which are or shall become due and
payable to the Recipient by Metro under this or any Contract by deducting any amounts which are
or shall become due and payable to Metro by the Recipient under this or any Contract.

C.8. Travel Compensation. Payment to the Recipient for travel, meals, or lodging shall be subject to
amounts and limitations specified in Metro’s Travel Regulations and subject to the Grant
proposed budget.

C.9. Electronic Payment. Metro requires as a condition of this contract that the Recipient shall
complete and sign Metro's form authorizing electronic payments to the Recipient. Recipients who
have not already submitted the form to Metro will have thirty (30) days to complete, sign, and
return the form. Thereafter, all payments to the Recipient, under this or any other contract the
Recipient has with Metro, must be made electronically.

D. STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

2


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and

Bellevue Exchange Club Foundation Contract # 2-3) ¥ w March 10, 2014

D.1. Required Approvals. Metro is not bound by this Grant Contract until it is approved by the
appropriate Metro representatives as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.

D.2. Modification and Amendment. This Grant Contract may be modified only by a written amendment
that has been approved in accordance with all Metro procedures and by appropriate legislation of
the Metropolitan Council.

D.3. Termination for Cause. Should the Recipient fail to properly perform its obligations under this
Grant Contract or if the Recipient violates any terms of this Grant Contract, Metro shall have the
right to immediately terminate the Grant Contract and the Recipient shall return to Metro any and
all grant monies for services or programs under the grant not performed as of the termination
date. The Recipient shall also return to Metro any and all funds expended for purposes contrary
to the terms of the Grant. Such termination shall not relieve the Recipient of any liability to Metro
for damages sustained by virtue of any breach by the Recipient.

D.4. Subcontracting. The Recipient shall not assign this Grant Contract or enter into a subcontract for
any of the services performed under this Grant Contract without obtaining the prior written
approval of Metro. Notwithstanding any use of approved subcontractors, the Recipient shall be
considered the prime Recipient and shall be responsible for all work performed.

D.5. Conflicts of Interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount shall be paid
directly or indirectly to an employee or official of Metro as wages, compensation, or gifts in
exchange for acting as an officer, agent, employee, subcontractor, or consultant to the Recipient
in connection with any work contemplated or performed relative to this Grant Contract.

D6. Nondiscrimination. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person shall be
excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination
in the performance of this Grant Contract or in the employment practices of the Recipient on the
grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other classification
which is in violation of applicable laws. The Recipient shall, upon request, show proof of such
nondiscrimination and shall post in conspicuous places, available to all employees and
applicants, notices of nondiscrimination.

D.7. Records. The Recipient shall maintain documentation for all charges to Metro under this Grant
Contract. The books, records, and documents of the Recipient, insofar as they relate to work
performed or money received under this Grant Contract, shall be maintained for a period of three
(3) full years from the date of the final payment or until the Recipient engages a licensed
independent public accountant to perform an audit of its activities. The books, records, and
documents of the Recipient insofar as they relate to work performed or money received under this
Grant Contract shall be subject to audit at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by
Metro or its duly appointed representatives. Records shall be maintained in accordance with the
standards outlined in the Metro Grants Manual. The financial statements shall be prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

D.8. Monitoring. The Recipient's activities conducted and records maintained pursuant to this Grant
Contract shall be subject to monitoring and evaluation by The Metropolitan Office of Financial
Accountability or Metro’s duly appointed representatives. The Recipient shall make all audit,
accounting, or financial records, notes, and other documents pertinent to this grant available for
review by the Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability, Internal Audit or Metro’s
representatives, upon request, during normal working hours.

D.9. Reporting. The Recipient shail submit a Final Program Report, no later than April 30, 2014. Said
reports shall detail the outcome of the activities funded under this Grant Contract.

3
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Bellevue Exchange Club Foundation Contract # L.3 LY v1] March 10, 2014
D.10. Strict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist in any one or more cases upon the strict
performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement shall not
be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of any such term, covenant, condition, or provision.
No term or condition of this Grant Contract shall be held to be waived, modified, or deleted except
by a written amendment by the appropriate parties as indicated on the signature page of this
Grant.
D.11. Insurance. The Recipient agrees to carry adequate public liability and other appropriate forms of
insurance, and to pay all applicable taxes incident to this Grant Contract.
D.12. Metro Liability. Metro shall have no liability except as specifically provided in this Grant Contract.
D. 13. Independent Contractor. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to create a
partnership or joint venture between the Recipient and Metro or to create the relationship of
principal and agent between or among the Recipient and Metro. The Recipient shall not hold
itself out in a manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph. Metro shall not become liable for
any representation, act, or omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph.
D. 14. Indemnification and Hold Harmless.
(a) Recipient shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Metro, its officers, agents and
employees from any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees for injuries or damages
arising, in part or in whole, from the negligent or intentional acts or omissions of Recipient, its
officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or independent contractors, in connection
with the performance of the contract, and any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney
fees arising from any failure of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub
or independent contractors, to observe applicable laws, including, but not limited to, labor laws
and minimum wage laws.
(b) Metro will not indemnify, defend or hold harmless in any fashion the Recipient from any
claims, regardless of any language in any attachment or other document that the Recipient may
provide.
(c) Recipient shall pay Metro any expenses incurred as a result of Recipient's failure to fulfill any
obligation in a professional and timely manner under this Contract.
(d) Grantee's duties under this section shall survive the termination or expiration of the grant.

D.15. Force Majeure. The obligations of the parties to this Grant Contract are subject to prevention by
causes beyond the parties’ contro! that could not be avoided by the exercise of due care
including, but not limited to, acts of God, riots, wars, strikes, epidemics or any other similar cause.

D.16. State, Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with all applicable federal,
state and local laws and regulations in the performance of this Grant Contract.

D.17. Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction and effect of this Grant Contract and any
and all extensions and/or modifications thereof shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The venue for legal action concerning this
Grant Contract shall be in the courts of Davidson County, Tennessee.

D.18. Completeness. This Grant Contract is complete and contains the entire understanding between
the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein, including all the terms and conditions
of the parties’ agreement. This Grant Contract supersedes any and all prior understandings,

4


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and

Bellevue Exchange Club Foundation Contract # L£-3/¢7 March 10, 2014
representations, negotiations, and agreements between the parties relating hereto, whether
written or oral.

D.19. Headings. Section headings are for reference purposes only and shall not be construed as part
of this Grant Contract.

D.20. Metro Interest in Equipment. The Recipient shall take legal title to all equipment and to all motor
vehicles, hereinafter referred to as "equipment," purchased totally or in part with funds provided
under this Grant Contract, subject to Metro's equitable interest therein, to the extent of its pro rata
share, based upon Metro's contribution to the purchase price. "Equipment" shall be defined as
an article of nonexpendable, tangible, personal property having a useful life of more than one
year and an acquisition cost which equals or exceeds $5,000.00.

The Recipient agrees to be responsible for the accountability, maintenance, management, and
inventory of all property purchased totally or in part with funds provided under this Grant Contract.
Upon termination of the Grant Contract, where a further contractual relationship is not entered
into, or at any time during the term of the Grant Contract, the Recipient shall request written
approval from Metro for any proposed disposition of equipment purchased with Grant funds. All
equipment shall be disposed of in such a manner as parties may agree as appropriate and in
accordance with any applicable federal, state or local laws or regulations.

D. 21. Assignment—Consent Required. The provisions of this contract shall inure to the benefit of and
shail be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Except for
the rights of money due to Recipient under this contract, neither this contract nor any of the rights
and obligations of Recipient hereunder shall be assigned or transferred in whole or in part without
the prior written consent of Metro. Any such assignment or transfer shall not release Recipient
from its obligations hereunder. Notice of assignment of any rights to money due to Recipient
under this Contract must be sent to the attention of the Metro Department of Finance.

D.22. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or
agree to give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to
solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a gratuity or an offer of
employment in connection with any decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation,
preparations of any part of a program requirement or a purchase request, influencing the content
of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any
other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim
or controversy in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or
controversy or other particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or
subcontract or to any solicitation or proposal therefore. It shall be a breach of ethical standards
for any payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor
under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or a person associated
therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach of the provisions of
this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of ethical standards which may
result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or suspension from participation in
Metropolitan Government contracts.

D.23. Communications and Contacts. All instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other
communications from the Recipient required or contemplated by this Grant Contract shall be in
writing and shall be made by facsimile transmission, or by first class mail, addressed to the
respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or address as set forth below or to such
other party, facsimile number, or address as may be hereafter specified by written notice.

5
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Bellevue Exchange Club Foundation Contract # L-3/¢7 March 10, 2014
Metro
For contract-related matters and enquiries regarding invoices contact:
Agriculture Extension
George M. Killgore
1417 Murfreesboro Pike
PO Box 196300
Nashville, TN 37219-6300
Phone: 615-862-5995/ Fax: 615-862-5998
Email: George. killgore@nashville.gov

Recipient:

Bob Allen

President

Bellevue Exchange Club Foundation

PO Box 218114

Nashville, TN 37221

D.24. Lobbying. The Recipient certifies, to the best of its knowledge and belief, that:

a. No federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid, by or on behaif of the
Recipient, to any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee
of any agency, a Member of Congress in connection with the awarding of any federal
contract, the making of any federal grant, the making of any federal loan, and entering
into of any cooperative agreement, and the extension, continuation, renewal,
amendment, or modification of any federal contract, grant, loan, or cooperative
agreement.

b. If any funds other than federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid to any
person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any agency, a
Member of Congress, an officer or employee of Congress, or an employee of a Member
of Congress in connection with this grant, loan, or cooperative agreement, the Recipient
shall complete and submit Standard Form-LLL, “Disclosure Form to Report Lobbying,” in
accordance with its instructions.

Cc. The Recipient shall require that the language of this certification be included in the award
documents for all sub-awards at all tiers (including sub-grants, subcontracts, and
contracts under grants, loans, and cooperative agreements) and that all subcontractors of
federally appropriated funds shall certify and disclose accordingly.

Effective Date. This contract shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed first by the

Recipient and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government and has been

filed in the office of the Metropolitan Clerk. When it has been so signed and filed, this contract shall

be effective as of the date first written above.
THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK
6


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Bellevue Exchange Club Foundation Contract # “3147 March 10, 2014
RECIPIENT: fo
THE METROPOLITAN L-
GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE By a
AND DAVIDSON COUNTY:
Tkle: Pre: ydent
Sworn to and subscribed to before me a Notary
Public, this/O day y
nn Of Myth , 201
Metropolitan Clerk . °
APR - 3 amd
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF
FUNDS: Notary Public
: : Leet AKL
; Director of Finance. SUM PAG I
WF, eww
~) 4
My conissio apy 3 R Ps -
S ey
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND OF
LEGALITY TENNER *) Je
< B\ A puBec fey 8
“ SS >
ONY OW s
m ~OSON we
Mee. oe?
Metropolitan Attorney 701 Expires
APPROVED AS TO RISK AND
INSURANCE:
j Et CW
Director ot Insurance
APPROVED BY THE MAYOR:
Karl F. Dean, Mayor, MV
7


)
Bolle ul CL bt L; nba on
(an mun'y Wirekabype(
The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, TN SL pws
School and Community Garden Grant Program

Purpose:
Grant funds awarded under this program must be used at school or community gardens for the
benefit of children and/or senior citizens with an emphasis on contributing to healthy
lifestyles/eating, addressing childhood obesity, eliminating food deserts, and/or promoting
sustainable food sources. Grant funds may be used for programming or supplies for the
school/community garden.
Eligibility Requirements:

1. Only organizations with a non-profit status may apply. “Non-profit status” is
defined by one of the following:

e 501 (c) (3) designation of exemption from federal taxation from the
Internal Revenue Service (IRS) as provided by 26 U.S.C.A. or;

e Incorporation as a non-profit; and the registration identification number
provided by the Secretary of State as a Charitable Organization or proof
of such exemption as allowed.

2. Organizations must be currently registered with the Tennessee Secretary of State Office
to do business in Tennessee, and have filed the necessary report to the Secretary of
State’s Office of Charitable Solicitation (unless, according to the organization's size, it
does not meet the threshold requirement).

3. Organizations must have been in existence (registered with Secretary of State) for 3
years.

4. Organizations must have an audit conducted of the latest completed fiscal year by a
certified public accountant completed within the preceding 12 months of the application
due date. In cases where the fiscal year end does not allow enough time for the
completion of the audit by the application date, the previous year’s report would be
acceptable if completed within the preceding 12 months of the application date.

If eligible to apply, please proceed to the attached application.
Applications are due by 3:30 pm, Monday, September 16, 2013
(Only hard copy original applications will be accepted, no e-mail applications.
Applications received after this date and time, will not be accepted.)
Return completed application to:
Agriculture Extension
C/O George M. Killgore
1417 Murfreesboro Pike, 2™ Floor
P.O. Box 196300
Nashville, TN 37219-6300
Email: george. killgore@nashville.gov
1


Application
for
The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, TN
School and Community Garden Grant Program
Name of Applicant: Bellevue Exchange Club Foundation
Address/Location: PO Box 218114, Nashville, TN 37221 (performance at BELL Garden
portable classroom at 655 Colice Jeanne Road, Nashville, TN 37221)
Garden Supervisor/Coordinator: Bob Allen, President, Bellevue Exchange Club Foundation;
Liz Meeks, BELL Garden Manager
Email address: rvallen@comcast.net
Phone number: 615-218-4580
Paid position: yes (Garden Manager - part time) Board Members unpaid
Garden Committee members (if any): Leesa LeClaire, President; Charlie Tygard, Treasurer,
Bob Allen, Corporate Secretary & Grant Manager, Nan Cowan, School Liaison; Liz Meeks,
Garden Manager (part-time, 20 hours/week) + 10 other Board Members
Amount of grant money applying for: $3,500
(Minimum $ 250, Maximum $ 5,000)
Value of matching funds: $3,500
(Note: matching funds cannot exceed the value of funds applying for)
Attach a value listing of matching funds: Bellevue Exchange Club Foundation $2,500;
Bellevue Woman's Club $1,000 — both are cash donations
Applicants must comply with the following 4 (four) criteria:
1. Only organizations with a non-profit status may apply. “Non-profit status” is
defined by one of the following:
e 501 (c) (3) designation of exemption from federal taxation from the Internal
Revenue Service (IRS) as provided by 26 U.S.C.A. or,
¢ Incorporation as a non-profit; and the registration identification number
provided by the Secretary of State as a Charitable Organization or proof of
such exemption as allowed.
Documentation attached: IRS Tax Exempt 501c3 letter dated May 6, 2004;
Tennessee Non-Profit Corporation registration identification xmxmxm (Davidson
County)
2. Organizations must be currently registered with the Tennessee Secretary of State Office
to do business in Tennessee, and have filed the necessary report to the , Secretary of
2


State’s Office of Charitable Solicitation (unless, according to the organization's size, it
does not meet the threshold requirement).
Documentation attached: Tennessee Charitable Solicitation Registration xmxmxm
3. Organizations must have been in existence (registered with Secretary of State) for 3
years.
Documentation attached: Bellevue Exchange Club Foundation
Organizations must have an audit conducted of the latest completed fiscal year by a
certified public accountant completed within the preceding 12 months of the
application due date. In cases where the fiscal year end does not allow enough time
for the completion of the audit by the application date, the previous year’s report
would be acceptable if completed within the preceding 12 months of the application
date.
Letter of support:
Attach a letter of support, signed by the President, CEO, etc., of the non-profit. If the garden is
to be located on school property, this letter of support shall be from the school principal.
Documentation attached: Letter of support from Dr. Michelle Springer, Principal,
Bellevue Middle School, 655 Colice Jeanne Road, Nashville, TN 37221; Letter of
support from Bob Allen, President, Bellevue Exchange Club Foundation, and Jason
Eyre, President, Exchange Club Foundation, Letter of support from Jean Anne Tye,
President, Bellevue Woman's Club
Please answer the six questions below. (Form will expand or you may attach additional
sheets.)
1. Provide a brief summary of what you are proposing and include the vision for the
project.
Develop and implement a series of workshops related to gardening, garden issues,
harvesting and preserving produce, pest control, etc. available to residents of the Bellevue
community and greater Nashville area. These workshops will cover a variety of subjects of
interest related to interesting garden and garden-related topics. Workshops/seminars will be
open to Davidson County residents.
2. Provide a garden development and implementation schedule, including the items to
be grown and estimated timeline for harvesting.
October 2013 — Healthy cooking and eating of what is fresh during the autumn months (includes
“cooking with herbs” grown at BELL Garden)
November 2013 — Cheese making —plan on bringing in goats to milk
December 2013 — Edible Landscape and/or flower arranging for the holidays
January 2014 — Bees and beekeeping and your health
February 2014 - Making your own “green” chemical free soap and cleaning products
March 2014 — Organic pest control and beneficial pests
3


April 2014 — Care and maintenance of backyard chickens and tour of Davidson County chicken coops
All of these workshops will be conducted by experts in their respective fields, including personnel
from the TN Agricultural Extension Agency.

3. Provide a plan for the ongoing maintenance of the garden and its long term stability.
Successful fundraisers, receipt of various grants, support from community partners, and
volunteer participation on regularly scheduled Saturday mornings have clearly illustrated the
Bellevue community's passion for BELL Garden, contributing immensely to its continued
addition of individual vegetable beds, memorial gardens, and new structures since its
inception in the fall 2009. Specifically, BELL Garden has enjoyed support from the Bellevue
Middle School Principal and Teachers, Metropolitan Nashville Public Schools, Hands On
Nashville, Nashville Electric Service, Kroger Stores, Ace Hardware, Green Gourmet,
Nashville Garden Coalition, Bellevue Exchange Club Foundation, and Bellevue Woman's
Club. With a strong Board of Directors, successful revenue generation, and support from our
community partners, BELL Garden is positioned to sustained as an invaluable asset to the
Bellevue community for many years to come.

The BELL Garden has been operating successfully since fall, 2009 and has grown into
Davidson County’s premier school garden, featuring a part-time garden manager who
oversees our school’[s Garden Club (20 middle school students), raised and row beds
producing a variety of vegetables and herbs, a flock of 11 egg-producing hens, and a
memorial garden featuring planting to attract bees and butterflies.

4. Provide a plan for the distribution of items harvested.

While some produce grown and harvested in BELL Garden will be used for these
workshops, success is not dependent on produce harvested. Our harvest is sold at the
Bellevue Farmers Market, donated to the Bellevue Food Bank (operated at Bellevue United
Methodist Church) and used by members of the Bellevue Middle School's after-school
Garden Club to learn healthy eating habits.

5. Provide a proposed budget.

Revenues
Bellevue Exchange Club Foundation $2500
Bellevue Woman's Club 1000
Metro Community Grant _3500
Total Revenues $7000
Expenses
4


Stipends for Workshop Facilitators $1400
Advertising & Promotion 1500
Marketing Materials 1200
Handouts and Materials 1200
Take-away Items for Attendees 1200
Snacks and Beverages 500
Total Expenses $7000

6. Provide any other pertinent information you would like for the grant committee to
know.
BELL Garden previously conducted successful workshops on Chicken Care &
Maintenance and Coop Tours (November 2012), Fruit Trees 101 (February 2013),
Dinner BELL in the Garden (May 2012 and June 2013), Worm-bin Composting
(October 2012 and April 2013) and currently has been conducting an after-hours
Junior Garden Club for Bellevue Middle School students. Experiences with these
aforementioned workshops and events coupled with support from Hands On
Nashville and community volunteers have shown that monthly workshops will be well
attended. Budgeted expenses given in Paragraph 5 above are derived from BELL
Garden's previous experiences with workshops and events.

Applications are due by 3:30 pm, Monday, September 16, 2013
(Only hard copy original applications will be accepted, no e-mail applications.
Applications received after this date and time, will not be accepted.)

Return completed application to:

Agriculture Extension

C/O George M. Killgore

1417 Murfreesboro Pike, 2"? Floor

P.O. Box 196300

Nashville, TN 37219-6300

Email: george.killgore@nashville.gov

5


Proposed budget for $2000 Grant from Metro Government: |
Expenses — (Revised) :
Stipends for workshop facilitators 200 |
Advertising 400
Marketing Materials 300 |
Handouts & Materials 300
Take away items for attendees 600
Snacks & Beverages 200 ;

Total 2,000

ARCHIVE
