_—
oe A-OT-Q55
A
<>
SECURITY ¥ POINT
EXCLUSIVE ACCESS AND LICENSE AGREEMENT
Between
Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority |
And
SECURITYPOINT MEDIA, LLC
|
At

Nashville International

MAR ~ 8 2007

METROPOLITAN

CLERK
Copyright © 2007 SecurityPoint Media
This work is the property of SecurityPoint Media. No part may be used or distributed without its expressed written permission.
BNA_2007_0222a Strictly Confidential and Proprietary
ARCHIVE


Exclusive Access and License Agreement
This Exclusive Access and License Agreement (“Agreement”) entered into as of January

19, 2007 and effective as of the date of last signature hereto (“Effective Date”), by and between

SecurityPoint Media LLC, a Florida limited liability company (“Licensee”) and the

Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority (MNAA), a municipal corporation that operates the

Nashville International (“Airport”), [collectively the “Airport Operator” ].

Recitals

I. The Airport Operator owns and/or operates the Airport consisting, in part, of terminal
buildings, passenger security checkpoints and screening areas, tarmac and other service
areas (collectively the “Terminal”). The Airport has a total of 8 active security
screening lanes in its security checkpoint areas.

Il. The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) maintains full jurisdiction at the
Airport for the passenger screening operations, checkpoints and security screening lanes
located in the security checkpoint areas for the purposes of conducting security and
passenger screening operations.

Ill. The Licensee owns a patented SecureTray System™ consisting of SecureTrays™,
SecureCarts™ and DivestingTables™ for utilization at passenger security checkpoint
areas in an airport. The Licensee’s SecureTray System™ has been tested and approved
by the TSA for installation at security checkpoint areas to improve workforce safety and
to facilitate the passenger screening process.

IV. The Airport Operator and Licensee acknowledge that the continued operation of the
Airport as a safe, convenient, efficient and attractive facility is a vital component to the
economic health and welfare of the Airport Operator and its constituents.

V. The Airport Operator desires to grant Licensee, and Licensee desires to accept, an
exclusive access license to the Airport in order for the Licensee to install and maintain
the SecureTray System™ at all current and future passenger security checkpoints and
screening lanes at the Airport.

VI. The Airport Operator agrees to complete and submit a proposal to the TSA in
accordance with the details, requirements and guidelines outlined in the Pilot Program
Memorandum, published and announced by the TSA on January 11, 2007 (“PPM”), and
agrees to enter into a Memorandum of Agreement and Pilot Agreements (“MAPA”) with
the TSA identifying the Licensee as its exclusive vendor and third party provider of the
equipment and materials for the Bins Project Pilot Program to be implemented at the
Airport by the Airport Operator.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Airport Operator and Licensee, confirming that the foregoing Recitals

are true and correct, further agree as follows:

Copyright © 2007 SecurityPoint Media
This work is the property of SecurityPoint Media. No part may be used or distributed without its expressed written permission
BNA_2007_0222a Strictly Confidential and Proprietary


ARTICLE I - EXCLUSIVE LICENSE GRANT

1.1 The Airport Operator grants Licensee a limited but exclusive license to access,
install and maintain its SecureTray System™ at all the passenger security checkpoint areas and
screening lanes at the Airport. Additionally, and as the principal inducement to the Licensee
providing the Airport Operator with the SecureTray System™ at no cost or expense, this License
grants and allows Licensee the exclusive right to solicit, accept, sell and collect the proceeds of
such sales from third parties for sponsorships and announcements to be placed in the
SecureTrays™ in accordance with the MAPA and pursuant to the standards and guidelines for
such acceptable materials as adopted by the Airport Operator. The Licensee shall conduct no
other operations or business at the Airport without the express written consent of the Airport
Operator.

1.2 For and in consideration of this License, the Licensee shall install, provide and |
maintain, at its sole cost and expense, except as expressly provided herein, the SecureTray
System™ for each of the existing 8 active security screening lanes at the Airport and any
additional security screening lanes that may be added by the Airport Operator to the Airport in
the future. Each SecureTray System™ shall conform to TSA requirements and specifications as
provided in the MAPA.

| ARTICLE 2 - LICENSEE RESPONSIBILITIES

2.1 Licensee shall coordinate all installation activities and requirements with the TSA
and local Security Department of the Airport Operator prior to installing its SecureTray
System™ at the Airport.

2.2 Licensee shall coordinate maintenance activities and requirements with the TSA
and local Security Department of the Airport Operator prior to performing maintenance
operations of its SecureTray System™ at the Airport.

2.3. Licensee shall conduct its installation and maintenance operations in such a
manner that does not interfere with the ongoing operations of the Airport.

2.4 Licensee shall comply with all TSA and Airport Operator regulations with regard
to access to restricted areas of the Airport.

2.5 Licensee, at its own cost and expense, shall dispose of any refuse or other trash
created pursuant to its installation and maintenance operations of the SecureTray System™.

2.6 Licensee shall be responsible for and shall be required to insure that all
sponsorships and announcements in the SecureTrays™ conform to the Airport Operator’s
uniform standards and guidelines as required by the MAPA. Sponsorships and announcements
shall be “unobtrusive” and “non-controversial” as defined in the MAPA and in good taste
suitable for viewing by the general public, including children.

Copyright © 2007 SecurityPoint Media
This work is the property of SecurityPoint Media. No part may be used or distributed without its expressed written permission.
BNA_2007_0222a Strictly Confidential and Proprietary


2.7 Licensee shall provide the Airport Operator with a monthly report and accounting
of its business operations at the Airport, which shall include a detailed account of its periodic and
accumulated revenue from the sale of sponsorships and promotions.

2.8 Licensee shall be responsible for addressing and correcting, as deemed
appropriate, all issues and problems, if any, identified in any written evaluations that may be
prepared by the Airport Operator and delivered to Licensee as provided in Section 3.3 herein. |
ARTICLE 3 - AIRPORT OPERATOR RESPONSIBILITIES

3.1 The Airport Operator shall submit a complete proposal to the TSA within the
prescribed period of February 2" - February 16" 2007 as outlined and directed in the MAPA.

3.2 The Airport Operator shall provide the Licensee with reasonable access to the

| Airport for installation and maintenance of its SecureTray System™,

3.3. During the term of this License, the Airport Operator may, but under no
circumstances shall, be delegated to conduct periodic visual inspections of Licensee’s
SecureTray System™ at the Airport, and may provide Licensee with a written report of any
issues or problems with respect to the SecureTray System™, including but not limited to an
itemization and description of the loss of or damage to any SecureTray System™ components
and/or any non-observance of or compliance with the uniform standards and guidelines for
sponsorships or announcements in Licensee’s SecureTrays™. Forms or electronic forms for
such reports will be developed, agreed to and provided to the Airport Operator by the Licensee.
ARTICLE 4 - LICENSE FEES

4.1 In consideration of the Airport Operator providing the access to the Airport for
the Licensee to install the SecureTray System™, for the first year of the term of this License,
Licensee shall pay the Airport Operator a monthly sum and License Fee of $231.00 per security
lane per month, commencing with the month that Licensee’s total accumulated gross revenue
from sale of sponsorships and promotions utilized in SecureTrays™ deployed at the Airport
exceeds the aggregate sum of $217,988.00.

4.2 Following the first year of the term of this License, and for each month thereafter
that this License is in full force and effect and as consideration for the Airport Operator
providing access to the Airport for installation, maintenance and repair of Licensee’s SecureTray
System™ as herein provided, Licensee shall pay the Airport Operator a monthly sum and
License Fee of $231.00 per security lane, per month, (“Base License Fee”) for each month that
the Licensee is receiving revenue from third parties from the sale of sponsorships and
promotions utilized in SecureTrays™ deployed at the Airport. The monthly per lane fee shall
not be reduced, notwithstanding a reduction in the number of active security lanes at the Airport,
either on a temporary or permanent basis, provided that the actual number of screened
passengers at the Airport determined on an annualized basis does not materially decrease. The
parties agree that the Base License Fee may be increased in the event that actual gross annual
revenue received by the Licensee in each 12 month period following the initial term of this

Copyright © 2007 SecurityPoint Media
This work is the property of SecurityPoint Media. No part may be used or distributed without its expressed written permission
BNA_2007_0222a Strictly Confidential and Proprietary


| |
| . |
License exceeds the amount of the projected gross annual revenue for the same period utilized in |
determining the Base License Fee. The amount of additional License Fee, if any, shall be
calculated on the same basis and in the same manner as the Base License Fee was determined.
Such additional License Fees shall be calculated and paid to the Airport Operator within 60 days
of the end of each applicable 12 month period.
4.3 All License Fees shall be due and payable on or before the 15 day of the
following month and shall be accompanied by a certificate of utilization and accounting report as |
hereinbefore provided, signed by an authorized party of the Licensee.
ARTICLE 5 - WARRANTIES
5.1 The Airport Operator makes no warranty, either expressed or implied, as to the
design, suitability or fitness for a particular purpose of the security checkpoint area at the Airport
where the Licensee will install and maintain its SecureTray System™,
ARTICLE 6 - TERM AND TERMINATION
6.1 This Agreement is binding and in full force and effect as of the Effective Date and
commences on the day the SecureTray System™ is fully installed at all security lanes at the
Airport. The initial term of this Agreement shall be for the full term of the Pilot Program as
provided in the MAPA and any extensions thereof, plus one additional year. In the event the
Pilot Program is not extended or is terminated by the TSA, the Airport Operator shall provide
written notice thereof to the Licensee. The Licensee and the Airport Operator, during the 60 day
period following receipt of such written notice, will agree to a firm schedule and timeline for the
Licensee to remove its SecureTrays™, and SecureCarts™ ,but leave the DivestingTables™ then
in place at the Airport, and if requested, assist the TSA to acquire unadorned replacement trays
and to ensure checkpoint operations are uninterrupted.
ARTICLE7 - NOTICES
7.1. Any notice given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered
via overnight courier (e.g., Federal Express) with signature confirmation of delivery and
addressed to the parties at their respective addresses as specified in this Agreement. Service of
notice shall be effective upon delivery.
To the “Licensee” To the “Airport Operator”
SecurityPoint Media LLC Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority
11201 Danka Circle N. One Terminal Drive, Suite 501
St. Petersburg, FL 33715 Nashville, TN 37214-4114
Attn: Joseph T. Ambrefe, Jr. Attn: Rebecca Ramsey, Manager of Properties
Tel: 727-577-3106 Tel: 615-275-1656
Fax: 727-499-7118 Fax:
Copyright © 2007 SecurityPoint Media
This work is the property of SecurityPoint Media. No part may be used or distributed without its expressed written permission.
BNA_2007_0222a Strictly Confidential and Proprietary


With a required copy to: With a required copy to:

Shutts & Bowen LLP Robert C. Watson, Esquire

100 S. Ashley Drive, Suite 1500 Sr. Vice President & Chief Legal Officer |

Tampa, FL 33602

Attn: W. Thompson Thorn III, Esq. Tel:

Tel: 813-229-8900 Fax:

Fax: 813-229-8901

ARTICLE 8 - GENERAL CONDITIONS

8.1 Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the provisions hereof

| may only be modified, amended or changed by written agreement signed by the Airport Operator
| and the Licensee.

8.2 Licensee agrees to observe and comply with applicable laws, ordinances, rules,
regulations, court orders and executive orders of the federal, state and local governments with
respect to conducting its business at the Airport and operating the SecureTray System™.

8.3. This Agreement is governed by and shall be interpreted in accordance with the
laws of the State of Tennessee. In the event either party employs an attorney or attorneys to
enforce its rights hereunder, the prevailing party in any such action shall be entitled to an award
of its reasonable attorney’s fees, costs and expenses incurred at all levels and in all proceedings,
including any appeals.

8.4 | Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement must be interpreted in such
a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law. If any provision of this Agreement is
deemed to be prohibited or invalid under applicable law, the provision is severable and deemed
to be ineffective, without invalidating the remaining provisions of this Agreement.

8.5 This Agreement creates a license only and Licensee acknowledges that Licensee
does not and must not claim at any time any property interest in the Airport space.

8.6 Except as expressly provided or as required by law, the terms and conditions of
this Agreement shall be confidential and shall not be disclosed or disseminated in any manner by
either party without the express written permission of the other party. Upon execution of this
Agreement by all parties, this document shall be considered a contract with a government agency
and shall be subject to applicable regulations and requirements associated therewith.

Copyright © 2007 SecurityPoint Media
This work is the property of SecurityPoint Media. No part may be used or distributed without its expressed written permission.
BNA_2007_0222a Strictly Confidential and Proprietary


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the authorized officers of the each of the Parties have
executed this Agreement by their signatures below.
“LICENSEE” “AIRPORT OPERATOR”
SecurityPoint Media, LLC Metropolitan ille Airport Authority
| By, a By,
| JOSEPH T. AMBREFE, JR. Raul L. Regalado, C.AcE.
| President President and CEO
Dated: “+ > 1+¢°7 Dated: y 1/07
State of Florida
County of Pinellas Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority
The foregoing instrument was wh
acknowlegged before me this Al APPROVED AS TO FORM & |
day of 1 20 OF by LEGALITY:
Joseph T. Ambrdéfe,Jr, officer for ,
SecurityPoint Media, LLC.
Robert C. Watson, Esquire
Sr. Vice President & Chief Legal Officer
Personally Known 4
woA \
pevecencarseresconsesecnsecassocersssezezee
Pe GAROLE A BURROWS GY
i SG) comet | By, Vib ff prrsgeaz A\
H ey Expires s2s/z009 § M.O. Burgess, Jt. AeA.
: ey Boruen tru (900M32-42843 Senior Vice Presifent % COO
Boseasetiteenncennen nee Notary Assn. Ine
WITNESS:
By,
Lynne N&shols Lowrance
Manager, Cerporate Communicatio:
& Executive Offices
TPADOCS 18166215 |
Copyright © 2007 SecurityPoint Media
This work is the property of SecurityPoint Media. No part may be used or distributed without its expressed written permission.
BNA_2007_0222a Strictly Confidential and Proprietary


A
< >}
SECURITY Y POINT
MEDIA
Exhibit A
(BNA) Nashville Airport
Total Security Checkpoint Lanes 8
| Annual Passenger Traffic 8,877,481
| Yri Yr2 Total
Net Projected Sponsor Proceeds 167,988 176,388 344,376 |
Projected Partner Fees:
Airport Operator Fee $ - $ 22,158 22,158
Third Party Fee $ - $ - -
Vendor Capital Expenses:
G&A $ 25,198 §$ 26,458 51,656
Sales & Marketing $ 16,799 $ 17,639 34,438
Lane Hardware $ 52,500 $ 17,500 70,000
Lane Installation $ 3,000 $ 1,000 4,000
Lane Service Maintenance $ 3,000 $ 3,000 6,000
Research & Development $ 16,000 $ - 16,000
Total Vendor Expenses 116,497 87,755 204,252
Vendor Projected Revenue 51,491 88,633 140,124
Airport Operator Fee Per Lane Per Month 8 - 231
Monthly Airport Operator Revenue 1,847
Total Annual Airport Operator Revenue $ 22,158
Strictly Confidential Proprietory
