/}~3rAr>o
Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Bethlehem Centers of Nashville, Contract # 
L -'if ^3 
July 1, 2018
BLIGHTED PROPERTY GRANT CONTRACT
BETWEEN THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
AND
METROPOLITAN TEACHERS CREDIT UNION
This Blighted Property Grant Contract issued and entered into pursuant to Metropolitan Code of Laws
Section 2.212.030 et. seq. and BL2013-431 by and between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville
and Davidson County ("Metro") and Metropolitan Teachers Credit Union (the "Recipient") for the
purpose of stabilizing the value of the neighborhood and increasing the value of the facilities being
constructed or rehabilitated on; 1605 Jefferson Street Nashville, TN 37208 
'
A. 
SCOPE OF PROGRAM:
A.1. 
The Recipient shall use the grant funds to reimburse expenditures made improving the exterior
portions of the commercial property located at 1605 Jefferson Street Nashville, TN 37208 (the
"Project"). The grant application submitted by the Recipient and any of its amendments is
attached hereto and made a part thereof.
A.2. 
The grant funds shall not exceed fifty percent (50%) or fifty thousand dollars ($50,000), whichever
is less, of the documented investment of Recipient in the Project. The Recipient's investment in
the Project shall exceed one hundred thousand dollars ($10,000).
A.3. 
At the time the grant application is made, the value of the real property oh which the Project is
located shall not exceed one million dollars ($1,000,000) according to the records of the Davidson •
County Property Tax Assessor.
B. 
GRANT CONTRACT TERM:
B.I. 
Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant shall commence on July 1, 2018 and end on June
30, 2019. Metro shall have no obligation for services rendered by the Recipient which are not
performed within this term.
C. 
PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDiTiONS:
C.I. 
Maximum Liabilitv. In no event shall the maximum liability of Metro under this Blighted Property
Grant Contract exceed fifty thousand dollars ($50,000). This amount shall constitute the
maximum Grant Amount available to the Recipient by Metro. The maximum liability of Metro is
not subject to escalation for any reason. Metro's maximum liability is subject to the appropriation
of funds by the Metropolitan Council.
C.2. 
Pavment Methodoloav. The Recipient shall be compensated for actual costs as evidenced by
expenditure receipts, not to exceed the maximum liability established in Section C.I.
All invoices shall be sent to the Director of the Mayor's Office of Economic and Community
Development. Said payment shall not exceed the maximum liability of this Blighted Property
Grant Contract.
Final invoices for the contract period should be received by Metro Payment Services by July 15,
2019. Any invoice not received by the deadline date will not be processed and all remaining
grant funds will expire.
C.3. 
Annual Expenditure Report. The Recipient shall submit a final grant Annual Expenditure Report
within 45 days of the end of the Blighted Property Grant Contract. Said report shall be in form
1
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Bethlehem Centers of Nashville, Contract # 
/--<-/-/1/ 3 
July 1, 2018
and substance acceptable to Metro and shall be prepared by a Certified Public Accounting Firm
or the Chief Financial Officer of the Recipient.
C.4. 
Pavment of Invoice. The payment of any invoice by Metro shall not prejudice Metro's right to
object to the invoice or any matter in relation thereto. Such payment by Metro shail neither be
construed as acceptance of any part of the work or service provided nor as an approval of any of
the costs Included therein.
C.5. 
Unaiiowable Costs. The Recipient's invoice shall be subject to reduction for amounts included In
any invoice or payment theretofore made which are determined by Metro, on the basis of audits
or monitoring conducted in accordance with the terms of this Blighted Property Grant Contract, to
constitute unaliowabie costs.
C.6. 
Clawback. Payments made to Recipient shali be subject to clawback for amounts included in any
Invoice or payment theretofore made which, after review of the Annuai Expenditure Report, Metro
determines are not consistent with the terms of this grant contract or Metropolitan Code of Laws
Section 2.212.030.
D. 
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
D.I. 
Required Approvals. Metro is not bound by this Blighted Property Grant Contract until It Is
approved by the appropriate Metro representatives as indicated on the signature page.
D.2. 
Modification and Amendment. This Blighted Property Grant Contract may be modified only by a
written amendment that has been approved In accordance with all Metro procedures.
D.3. 
Termination for Cause. Should the Recipient faii to properiy perform its obiigations under this
Blighted Property Grant Contract or if the Recipient vioiates any terms of this Blighted Property
Grant Contract, Metro shaii have the right to immediately terminate the Blighted Property Grant
Contract and the Recipient shall not be entitled to any grant funds not actually received as of the
termination date. The Recipient shali also return to Metro any and all funds expended for
purposes contrary to the terms of the Blighted Property Grant Contract. Such termination shall
not relieve the Recipient of any liability to Metro for damages sustained by virtue of any breach by
the Recipient.
D.4. 
Conflicts of Interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount shall be paid
directly or indirectly to an employee or official of Metro as wages, compensation, or gifts in
exchange for acting as an officer, agent, employee, subcontractor, or consultant to the Recipient
in connection with any work contemplated or performed relative to this Blighted Property Grant
Contract.
D.5. 
Nondiscriminatlon. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person shall be
excluded from participation In, be denied benefits of, or be othenwise subjected to discrimination
In the performance of this Grant Contract or In the employment practices of the Recipient on the
grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other classification
which is in violation of applicable laws. The Recipient shall, upon request, show proof of such
nondiscriminatlon and shali post in conspicuous places, available to all employees and
applicants, notices of nondiscriminatlon.
D.6. 
Records. The Recipient shaii maintain documentation for all charges to Metro under this Blighted
Property Grant Contract. The books, records, and documents of the Recipient, Insofar as they
relate to work performed or money received under this Blighted Property Grant Contract, shall be
maintained for a period of three (3) full years from the date of the final payment or until the
Recipient engages a licensed independent public accountant to perform an audit of its activities. 
*
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Bethiehem Centers of Nashville, Contract # 
L-'-f-j 
July 1, 2018
The books, records, and documents of the Recipient insofar as they reiate to work perforrhed or
money received under this Grant Contract shaii be subject to audit at any reasonabie time and
upon reasonabie notice by Metro or its duly appointed representatives. Records and financiai
statements shaii be maintained and prepared in accordance with generaiiy accepted accounting
principles.
D.7. 
Monitoring. The Recipient's activities conducted and records maintained pursuant to this Blighted
Property Grant Contract shall be subject to monitoring and evaiuation by The Metropoiitan Office
of Financial Accountabiiity or Metro's duly appointed representatives. The Recipient shaii make
aii audit, accounting, or financiai records, notes, and other documents pertinent to this grant
avaiiable for review by the Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability, Internai Audit or
Metro's representatives, upon request, during normai working hours.
0.8. 
Strict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist In any one or more cases upon the strict
performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement shaii not
be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of any such term, covenant, condition, or provision.
No term or condition of this Blighted Property Grant Contract shaii be held to be waived, modified,
or deieted except by a written amendment by the appropriate parties as indicated on the
signature page of this Biighted Property Grant Contract.
D.9. 
insurance. The Recipient agrees to carry adequate pubiic iiability and other appropriate forms of
insurance, and to pay all applicable taxes Incident to this Blighted Property Grant Contract.
D.10. Metro Liabiiitv. Metro shaii have no liabiiity except as specifically provided in this Biighted
Property Grant Contract.
D. 11. independent Contractor. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to create a
partnership or joint venture between the Recipient and Metro or to create the reiationship of
principal and agent between or among the Recipient and Metro. The Recipient shaii not hold
Itself out in a manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph. Metro shaii not become iiabie for
any representation, act, or omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph.
D. 12. indemnification and Hold Harmless.
(a) Recipient shaii indemnify, defend, and hoid harmless Metro, its officers, agents and
empioyees from any ciaims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees for injuries or damages
arising, in part or in whole, from the negligent or intentionai acts or omissions of Recipient, its
officers, empioyees and/or agents, inciuding its sub or independent contractors, in connection
with the performance of the contract, and any ciaims, damages, penaities, costs and attorney
fees arising from any faiiure of Recipient, its officers, empioyees and/or agents, including its sub
or independent contractors, to observe appiicabie iaws, including, but not limited to, iabor laws
and minimum wage iaws.
(b) Metro wiii not indemnify, defend or hoid harmless In any fashion the Recipient from any
ciaims, regardiess of any ianguage in any attachment or other document that the Recipient may
provide.
(c) Recipient shaii pay Metro any expenses incurred as a result of Recipient's failure to fulfill any
obligation in a professional and timely manner under this Blighted Property Grant Contract.
(d) Recipient's duties under this section shall survive the termination or expiration of the Biighted
Property Grant Contract.
0.13. Force Maieure. The obligations of the parties to this Biighted Property Grant Contract are subject
to prevention by causes beyond the parties' controi that couid not be avoided by the exercise of
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Bethlehem Centers of Nashville, Contract # 
^ 
~ 
^ 
July 1, 2018
due care including, but not limited to, acts of God, riots, wars, strikes, epidemics or any other
sitTiiiar cause.
D.14. State. Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with ail applicable federal,
state and local laws and regulations in the performance of this Blighted Property Grant Contract.
0.15. Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction and effect of this Blighted Property Grant
Contract and any and ail extensions and/or modifications thereof shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The venue for legal action
concerning this Blighted Property Grant Contract shall be in the courts of Davidson County,
Tennessee.
0.16. Completeness. This Blighted Property Grant Contract is complete and contains the entire
understanding between the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein, including ail
the terms and conditions of the parties' agreement. This Blighted Property Grant Contract
supersedes any and ail prior understandings, representations, negotiations, and agreements
between the parties relating hereto, whether written or oral.
0.17. Headings. Section headings are for reference purposes only and shall not be construed as part
of this Blighted Property Grant Contract.
0.18. Assignment—Consent Reouifed. The provisions of this contract shall inure to the benefit of and
shall be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Except for
the rights of money due to Recipient under this contract, neither this contract nor any of the rights
and obligations of Recipient hereunder shall be assigned or transferred in whole or in part without
the prior written consent of Metro. Any such assignment or transfer shall not release Recipient
from its obligations hereunder. Notice of assignment of any rights to money due to Recipient
under this Contract must be sent to the attention of the Metro Department of Finance.
0.19. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or
agree to give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to
solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a gratuity or an offer of
employment in connection with any decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation,
preparations of any part of a program requirement or a purchase request, influencing the content
of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any
other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim
or controversy in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or
controversy or other particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or
subcontract or to any solicitation or proposal therefore, it shall be a breach of ethical standards
for any payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor
under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or a person associated
therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach of the provisions of
this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of ethical standards which may
result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or suspension from participation in
Metropolitan Government contracts.
0.20. Communications and Contacts. Ail instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other
communications from the Recipient required or contemplated by this Blighted Property Grant
Contract shall be in writing and shall be made by facsimile transmission, or by first class mail,
addressed to the respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or address as set forth
below or to such other party, facsimile number, or address as may be hereafter specified by
written notice.
Metro:
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Bethlehem Centers of Nashville, Contract # 
July 1, 2018
Mayor's Office of Economic
and Community Development
Director
PC Box 196300
Nashville, TN 3721-9-6300
(615) 862-6021 phone, (615) 862-6025 fax
Copy to:
Department of Law
Director
PC Box 196300
Nashville, TN 37219-6300
(615) 862-6341 phone, (615) 862-6353 fax
Recipient:
I Name: Jeffrey Keiiar
Title: Executive Consultant
Company Name: Metropolitan Teachers Credit Union
Address: 1605 Union Street Nashville, TN 37208
Address
Telephone/Fax: 615-321-4622 / 615-321-4622
r*
Effective Date. This contract shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed first by
the Recipient and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government and has been
filed in the office of tha^atropoiitan Clerk. When it has been so signed and filed, this contract shall be
effective as of 
DEC - 7 20t8
THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY:
m/iJ 
fJ
Director of Mayor's Office of Economic and
Community Development
RECIPIENT:
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF
FUNDS:
Director of Finance
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY
"By: Jeffrey Keiiar
Title: Executive Consultant
Sworn to and subscribed to before me a Notary
Public, this i^gdav
of 
.201^
Notary Public
iNuiaiy ruuMV/
My Commission expires / V ~ ^ /
STATE
S
 I 
OF 
-bs
=
 i^SNNESSEE": =
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Bethlehem Centers of Nashville, Contract# 
L 
^ 
July 1i 2018
Assretant Metropolitan Attorney
Metropolitan Clerk
DEC - 7 2IJli
ARCHIVE


METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF
NASHVILLE & DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE
SHORT VENDOR APPLICATION
MAIL THIS APPLICATION TO; METRO GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE & DAVIDSON COUNTY
DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE/DIVISION OF ACCOUNTS
700 2ndAvenuo South Sulto 310
PO Box 196300
NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE 37219-6300
FAX TO; (615) 880-1727
1) TRANSACTION TYPE
PLEASE CIRCLE TYPE OF TRANSACTION: 
REFUND 
EMPLOYEE 
LEGAL CLAIM ^ GRANT^^
NCAC PARTICIPANTS MNPS PARENT 
PENSIONER 
EX-EMPLOYEE 
DEBT SERVICE 
DUES/REGISTRATION
NCAC SUPPORT SERVICES 
SOCIAL SERVICES ADOPTION ATTORNEY 
PAYROLUPENSION LIABILITY 
EASEMENT
MNPS DEATH BENEFIT 
PENSIONER 
MNPS STIPEND 
Sub-Lodgor Uso Only
IF TRANSACTION IS NOT LISTED ABOVE, DO NOT USE THIS FORM. CONTACT lsuppller@naslivllle.gov FOR VENDOR REGISTRATION.
2) ADDRESS INFORMATION
PLEASE TYPE OR PRINT
(Address where correspondence etc are to be mailed)
NAME:
ADDRESS, I bt)^
CITY
STATETV
ZIP CODE'd'yzoi
PHONE U\5 .^Z\ I HUZl
COUNTY
Employee Number If applicable m/a
FAX 
. 
^2-t .
Vendor Number Assigned (for Metro use only)^
3) TAX INFORMATION'
.
 LEGAL NAME ON TAX RETURN FOR IRS
TYPE OF TAXPAYER (Select one code and fill in ID It Information) 
i
«
C55 C - Corporation (except Medical/Legal) 
Federal Tax Id # (pZ."" U wO Q//. /
I
 I 
N - Partnership or Medical/Legal Corporation Federal Tax Id #
I
 I 
P - Individual or Sole Proprietor 
Social Security #
* Tax Informallon is requested for IRS reporting purposes. The failure to provide such Information may result In a $50 penally, *
4) SIGNATURE
APPLICANTS SIGNATURE:
DATE:
DEPARTMENT: _M 
Contact Name;:
Ph.n. UK-
Awtm Lm d
ARCHIVE
