EXWABAT F
GRANT CONTRACT 2024-R13-RTN BETWEEN THE
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE
BY AND THROUGH
THE METROPOLITAN HOUSING TRUST FUND COMMISSION AND
Rebuilding Together Nashville

This Grant Contract issued and entered into by and between the Metropolitan Government of

Nashville and Davidson County, a municipal corporation of the State of Tennessee hereinafter

referred to as “Metro”, and Rebuilding Together Nashville, hereinafter referred to as the

“Recipient,” is for the provision of the construction of affordable housing as further defined in

the "SCOPE OF PROGRAM." Rebuilding Together Nashville will be preserving 65 affordable

housing units located at various addresses to be determine in the target areas of Bordeaux, the

Dickerson Pike Corridor, and disaster-affected homes in Madison. The Recipient's grant budget

is incorporated herein by reference. The Recipient is a nonprofit charitable or civic

organization.

A. SCOPE OF PROGRAM:

A.1,_ Each Property to which these grant funds are provided for shall be subject to a
forgivable lien in accordance with A.6.b. below.

A.2. The Recipient shall use the funds under this grant in accordance with the affordable
housing project described in the Scope of Work, which is incorporated herein and
attached hereto as Attachment A, and any of its amendments and subject to the terms
and conditions set forth herein.

A.3. The Recipient, under this Grant Contract, will spend funds solely for the purposes set
forth in the work scope outlined in Attachment A. These funds shall be expended
consistent with the Grant Budget, included in Attachment B. Although some variation in
line-item amounts for the Grant is consistent with the Grant Budget, any change greater
than 20% of a draw category shall require the prior written approval of the Metro Housing
Director. However, in no event will the total amount of the Grant funds provided to
Recipient go above the Grant Award amount of $1,217,198.

A4. — This Grant Contract by and through the Housing Trust Fund Commission and the
Recipient is expressly limited to the Grant award and for the purposes described herein.
Prior to the use of any funds, the property must be properly zoned, and it is the sole
responsibility of the Recipient to pursue any necessary rezoning or other land use
change. This Grant Contract in no way serves to supersede the authority of the Metro
Nashville Planning Commission or the Metropolitan Council’s authority to approve or
deny zoning or land use changes on the proposed property and shall not be used for
such purposes.

A.5. — The Grantee will allow Metro or a Metro-approved contractor to conduct on-site
inspections of the grantee for compliance Barnes program requirements.

A.6. Requirements for Owner-Occupied Rehabilitation Projects:

a. Recipient shall ensure that initial homeowners at the time of application. Income-
eligible is defined as households with incomes at or below 80% of the Area Median
Income (AMI), adjusted by household size. The AMI is established annually by the
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, and Recipient shall follow the
AML in effect at the time of each homeowner's application.
(N0281585,1} 1
ARCHIVE


b. Recipient shall record a lien and enter into a cost recapture agreement with the
homeowner according to the following schedule.
[ten | 2years | Syears_| years | Syears | years | 7years | years |
c. Work undertaken with the Grant Award must have a 1-year warranty.
d. Recipient shall correct all Code issues identified within the scope of work.

B. GRANT CONTRACT TERM:

B.1._ Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant shall be from execution of the grant
agreement until Project completion, but in no way greater than 24 months from the
execution of the grant agreement. Metro shall have no obligation for services rendered
by the Recipient which are not performed within this term. Pursuant to Metropolitan
Code of Laws § 2.149.040 (G), in the event the recipient fails to complete its obligations
under this grant contract within twenty-four months from execution, Metro is authorized
to rescind the contract and to reclaim previously appropriated funds from the
organization.

Cc. PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

C.1. | Maximum Liability. In no event shall the maximum liability of Metro under this Grant
Contract exceed (One Million Two Hundred Seventeen Thousand One Hundred
Ninety-Eight Dollars) $1,217,198 “Grant Award”. The Grant Budget, attached and
incorporated herein as part of Attachment B, details the project budget, and the Grant
Award shall constitute the maximum amount to be provided to the Recipient by Metro
for all of the Recipient's obligations hereunder. The Grant Budget line items include,
but are not limited to, all applicable taxes, fees, overhead, and all other direct and
indirect costs incurred or to be incurred by the Recipient.

C.2. _ Compensation Firm. The maximum liability of Metro is not subject to escalation for any
reason. The Grant Budget amount is firm for the duration of the Grant Contract and is
not subject to escalation for any reason unless the grant contract is amended.

C.3. Payment Methodology. The Recipient shall be compensated for actual costs based
upon the Grant Budget, not to exceed the maximum liability established in Section C.1.
Upon execution of the Grant Contract and receipt of a request for payment, the
Recipient may be eligible to receive reimbursement for milestones as completed based
upon the Grant Budget.

4N0281585,1) Z


a. Grant Draws
1) Construction Grant Draw Schedule
e Recipient shall submit draw requests in accordance with the Draw Schedule
provided in Attachment C. Changes to the Draw Schedule shall require an
amendment to the Grant Contract.

e Before a draw can be made, there must be a physical inspection of the property
by Metro or an approved designee unless otherwise specified. The inspection
must confirm appropriate completion of the project.

2) Construction Grant Draw Process

e Recipient must submit draw requests in the form and according to the
directions provided by Metro.

e Allinvoices shall be sent to: bfpayments@nashville.gov

e Said payment shall not exceed the maximum liability of this Grant Contract.

e Final invoices for the contract period should be received by Metro Payment
Services by 24 months from the execution of the grant agreement. Any
invoice not received by the deadline date will not be processed and all
remaining grant funds will expire.

C.4. Close-out Expenditure and Narrative Report. The Recipient must submit a final grant
Close-out Expenditure and Narrative Report, to be received by the Metropolitan Housing
Trust Fund Commission / Barnes Housing Trust Fund within 45 days of project
completion in conjunction with the submission of the final draw on the award. Said report
shall be in form and substance acceptable to Metro and shall be prepared by a Certified
Public Accounting Firm or the Chief Financial Officer of the Recipient Organization. It
should detail the outcomes of the activities funded under this Grant Contract.

C.5. Paymentof Invoice. The payment of any invoice by Metro shall not prejudice Metro's
right to object to the invoice or any matter in relation thereto. Such payment by Metro
shall neither be construed as acceptance of any part of the work or service provided nor
as an approval of any of the costs included therein.

C.6. Unallowable Costs. The Recipient's invoice shall be subject to reduction for amounts
included in any invoice or payment theretofore made which are determined by Metro, on
the basis of audits or monitoring conducted in accordance with the terms of this Grant
Contract, to constitute unallowable costs.

C.7. Deductions. Metro reserves the right to adjust any amounts which are or shall become
due and payable to the Recipient by Metro under this or any Contract by deducting any
amounts which are or shall become due and payable to Metro by the Recipient under
this or any Contract.

{NO281585.1) 3


C.8. Electronic Payment. Metro requires as a condition of this contract that the Recipient
shall complete and sign Metro's form authorizing electronic payments to the Recipient.
Recipients who have not already submitted the form to Metro will have thirty (30) days to
complete, sign, and return the form. Thereafter, all payments to the Recipient, under this
or any other contract the Recipient has with Metro, must be made electronically.

C.9, Procurement. Recipient agrees and understands that procurement of goods and services
for the grant project must comply with state and local law and regulations, including the
Metropolitan Procurement Code. Recipient will provide Metro with all plans and
specifications needed for these procurement purposes. Recipient will promptly review,
and either approve or disapprove, in good faith and with reasonable grounds all
estimates, amendments to scope of work, and all work performed by a contractor prior to
payment.

C.10. Public Meetings. At the reasonable request of Metro, Recipient agrees to attend public
meetings, neighborhood meetings, and other events regarding this Project.

C.11. Recognition. Any signage, printed materials, or online publications erected at the
applicable Project site or elsewhere regarding the Project shall include the following
language or language acceptable by Metro acknowledging that the Project is partially
funded with a grant from the Barnes Fund for Affordable Housing of the Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County:

This project funded in part by the Barnes Affordable Housing Trust Fund of the Metropolitan
Government of Nashville & Davidson County.

Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission

Freddie O’Connell, Mayor

Metropolitan Council of Nashville and Davidson County

D. STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

D.1. Required Approvals. Metro is not bound by this Grant Contract until it is approved by the
appropriate Metro representatives as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.

D.2. Modification and Amendment. This Grant Contract may be modified only by a written
amendment that has been approved in accordance with all Metro procedures and by
appropriate legislation of the Metropolitan Council.

D.3. Default and Termination for Cause. Any failure by Owner to perform any term or
provision of this Grant Contract shall constitute a “Default" (1) if such failure is curable
within 30 days and Recipient does not cure such failure within 30 days following written
notice of default from Metro, or (2) if such failure is not of a nature which cannot
reasonably be cured within such 30-day period and Recipient does not within such 30-
day period commence substantial efforts to cure such failure or thereafter does not
within a reasonable time prosecute to completion with diligence and continuity the
curing of such failure. Should the Recipient Default under this Grant Contract or if the
Recipient violates any terms of this Grant Contract, Metro shall have the right to
immediately terminate the Grant Contract and the Recipient shall return to Metro any
and all grant monies for services or projects under the grant not performed as of the
termination date. The Recipient shall also return to Metro any and all funds expended
for purposes contrary to the terms of the Grant. Such termination shall not relieve the

(NO281585.1) 4
ARCHIVE


Recipient of any liability to Metro for damages sustained by virtue of any breach by the
Recipient.

D.4. | Subcontracting. The Recipient shall not assign this Grant Contract or enter into a
subcontract for any of the services performed under this Grant Contract without obtaining
the prior written approval of Metro. Notwithstanding any use of approved subcontractors,
the Recipient shall be considered the prime Recipient and shall be responsible for all
work performed.

D.5. Conflicts of Interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount shall
be paid directly or indirectly to an employee or official of Metro as wages, compensation,
or gifts in exchange for acting as an officer, agent, employee, subcontractor, or
consultant to the Recipient in connection with any work contemplated or performed
relative to this Grant Contract.

The Grantee also recognizes that no person identified as a Covered Person below may
obtain a financial interest or benefit from a Metro Housing Trust Fund Competitive Grant
assisted activity, or have an interest in any contract, subcontract, or agreement with
respect thereto, or the proceeds thereunder, either for themselves or those whom they
have family or business ties, during their tenure or for one year thereafter.

Covered Persons include immediate family members of any employee or board member
of the Grantee. Covered Persons are ineligible to receive benefits through the Metro
Housing Trust Fund Competitive Grant program. Immediate family ties include (whether
by blood, marriage, or adoption) a spouse, parent (including stepparent), child (including
a stepbrother or stepsister), sister, brother, grandparent, grandchild, and in-laws ofa
Covered Person.

D.6. Nondiscrimination. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person
shall be excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected
to discrimination in the performance of this Grant Contract or in the employment
practices of the Recipient on the grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion, sex,
national origin, or any other classification which is in violation of applicable laws. The
Recipient shall, upon request, show proof of such nondiscrimination and shall post in
conspicuous places, available to all employees and applicants, notices of
nondiscrimination.

D.7. Records. All documents relating in any manner whatsoever to the grant project, or any
designated portion thereof, which are in the possession of Recipient, or any subcontractor
of Recipient shall be made available to the Metropolitan Government for inspection and
copying upon written request by the Metropolitan Government. Furthermore, said
documents shall be made available, upon request by the Metropolitan Government, to any
state, federal or other regulatory authority and any such authority may review, inspect,
and copy such records. Said records include, but are not limited to, all drawings, plans,
specifications, submittals, correspondence, minutes, memoranda, tape recordings, videos
or other writings or things which document the grant project, its design, and its
construction. Said records expressly include those documents reflecting the cost of
construction, including all subcontracts and payroll records of Recipient.

Recipient shall maintain documentation for all funds provided under this grant contract.
The books, records, and documents of Recipient, insofar as they relate to funds
{N0281585.1} 5
ARCHIVE


provided under this grant contract, shall be maintained for a period of three (3) full years

from the date of the final payment. The books, records, and documents of Recipient,

insofar as they relate to funds provided under this grant contract, shall be subject to
audit at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by Metro or its duly appointed
representatives. Records shall be maintained in accordance with the standards outlined
in the Metro Grants Manual. The financial statements shall be prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles.

D.8. Monitoring. The Recipient's activities conducted, and records maintained pursuant to
this Grant Contract shall be subject to monitoring and evaluation by Metro or Metro’s
duly appointed representatives during the term of the contract and throughout the
affordability period. The Recipient shall make all audit, accounting, or financial records,
notes, and other documents pertinent to this grant available for review by the
Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability, Internal Audit or Metro's representatives,
upon request, during normal working hours.

D.9. Reporting. Recipient will be required to provide annual progress reports no later than
July 15 of each year. The progress report should summarize activity that occurred during
the previous fiscal year (July 1 — June 30). Said report shall be in a form provided by
Metro. In addition, Recipient shall submit a Close-out Expenditure and Narrative Report
as provided in section C.4 above detailing the outcome of the activities funded under
this Grant Contract.

D.10. Strict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist in any one or more cases upon the strict
performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement
shall not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of any such term, covenant,
condition, or provision. No term or condition of this Grant Contract shall be held to be
waived, modified, or deleted except by a written amendment by the appropriate parties
as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.

D.11. Insurance. The Recipient shall maintain adequate public liability and other appropriate
forms of insurance, including other appropriate forms of insurance on the Recipient's
employees, and to pay all applicable taxes incident to this Grant Contract.

D.12. Metro Liability. Metro shall have no liability except as specifically provided in this Grant
Contract.

D.13. Independent Contractor. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to
create a partnership or joint venture between the Recipient and Metro or to create the
relationship of principal and agent between or among the Recipient and Metro. The
Recipient shall not hold itself out in a manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph.
Metro shall not become liable for any representation, act, or omission of any other party
contrary to the terms of this paragraph.

D.14. Indemnification and Hold Harmless.

a. Recipient shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Metro, its officers, agents
and employees from any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees for
injuries or damages arising, in part or in whole, from the negligent or intentional
acts or omissions of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its
sub or independent contractors, in connection with the performance of the
contract, and any claims, damages, penalties, costs, and attorney fees arising

{N0281585.1} 6
ARCHIVE


from any failure of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its
sub or independent contractors, to observe applicable laws, including, but not
limited to, labor laws and minimum wage laws.

b. Metro will not indemnify, defend, or hold harmless in any fashion the Recipient from
any claims, regardless of any language in any attachment or other document that
the Recipient may provide.

c. Recipient shall pay Metro any expenses incurred as a result of Recipient's failure to
fulfill any obligation in a professional and timely manner under this Contract.

d. Grantee's duties under this section shall survive the termination or expiration of the

. grant.

D.15. Force Majeure. The obligations of the parties to this Grant Contract are subject to
prevention by causes beyond the parties’ control that could not be avoided by the
exercise of due care including, but not limited to, acts of God, riots, wars, strikes,
epidemics, or any other similar cause.

D.16. State, Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with all applicable
federal, state, and local laws and regulations in the performance of this Grant Contract.

D.17. Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction, and effect of this Grant
Contract and any and all extensions and/or modifications thereof shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The venue
for legal action concerning this Grant Contract shall be in the courts of Davidson
County, Tennessee.

D.18. Attorney Fees. Recipient agrees that, in the event either party deems it necessary to
take legal action to enforce any provision of the Grant Contract, and in the event Metro
prevails, Recipient shall pay all expenses of such action including Metro’s attorney fees
and costs at all stages of the litigation.

D.19. Completeness. This Grant Contract is complete and contains the entire understanding
between the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein, including all the
terms and conditions of the parties’ agreement. This Grant Contract supersedes any and
all prior understandings, representations, negotiations, and agreements between the
parties relating hereto, whether written or oral.

D.20. Headings. Section headings are for reference purposes only and shall not be construed
as part of this Grant Contract.

D.21. Licensure. The Recipient and its employees and all sub-grantees shall be licensed
pursuant to all applicable federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, rules, and
regulations and shall upon request provide proof of all licenses. Recipient will obtain all
permits, licenses, and permissions necessary for the grant project.

D.22. Waiver. No waiver of any provision of this contract shall affect the right of any party
thereafter to enforce such provision or to exercise any right or remedy available to it in
the event of any other default.

{NO281585,1} 7


D.23. Inspection. The Grantee agrees to permit inspection of the project and/or services
provided for herein, without any charge, by members of the Grantor and its
representatives.

D.24. Assignment—Consent Required. The provisions of this contract shall inure to the benefit
of and shall be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties
hereto. Except for the rights of money due to Recipient under this contract, neither this
contract nor any of the rights and obligations of Recipient hereunder shall be assigned or
transferred in whole or in part without the prior written consent of Metro. Any such
assignment or transfer shall not release Recipient from its obligations hereunder. Notice
of assignment of any rights to money due to Recipient under this Contract must be sent
to the attention of the Metro Department of Finance.

D.25. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to
offer, give or agree to give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or
former employee to solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a
gratuity or an offer of employment in connection with any decision, approval,
disapproval, recommendation, preparations of any part of a program requirement or a
purchase request, influencing the content of any specification or procurement standard,
rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any other advisory capacity in any
proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or controversy in any
proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or controversy or other
particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or subcontract or
to any solicitation or proposal therefore. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any
payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor
under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or a person
associated therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach
of the provisions of this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of
ethical standards which may result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or
suspension from participation in Metropolitan Government contracts.

D.26. Communications and Contacts. All instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other
communications from the Recipient required or contemplated by this Grant Contract
shall be in writing and shalt be made by facsimile transmission, email, or by first class
mail, addressed to the respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or address
as set forth below or to such other party, facsimile number, or address as may be
hereafter specified by written notice.

Metro:
Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission / Barnes Housing Trust Fund
Planning Department — Housing Division
PO Box 196300
Nashville, TN 37219
BarnesFund@nashville.gov
{NO281585.1} 8
ARCHIVE


Recipient:

Rebuilding Together Nashville

Andrea Prince, Executive Director

6101 Centennial Blvd.

Nashville, TN 37209

615-219-5215

andrea@rebuildingtogethernashville.org

D.27. Lobbying. The Recipient certifies, to the best of its knowledge and belief, that:

a. No federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid, by or on behalf of
the Recipient, to any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or
employee of any agency, a Member of Congress in connection with the awarding
of any federal contract, the making of any federal grant, the making of any
federal loan, and entering into of any cooperative agreement, and the extension,
continuation, renewal, amendment, or modification of any federal contract, grant,
loan, or cooperative agreement.

b. If any funds other than federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid
to any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of
any agency, a Member of Congress, an officer or employee of Congress, or an
employee of a Member of Congress in connection with this grant, loan, or
cooperative agreement, the Recipient shail complete and submit Standard Form-
LLL, “Disclosure Form to Report Lobbying,” in accordance with its instructions.

Cc. The Recipient shall require that the language of this certification be included in
the award documents for all sub-awards at all tiers (including sub-grants,
subcontracts, and contracts under grants, loans, and cooperative agreements)
and that all subcontractors of federally appropriated funds shall certify and
disclose accordingly.

D.28. Effective Date. This contract shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed
first by the Recipient and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan
Government and has been filed in the office of the Metropolitan Clerk. When it has been
so signed and filed, this contract shall be effective as of the date first written above.

{INO281585,1} 9
ARCHIVE


(THIS PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK)
(INO281585.1} 10
ARCHIVE


‘THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENTOF _RECIPIENT:
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY:
Rebullding Together Nashville
APPROVED AS TO,PRO¢ SCOPE: BA Ze .
Petey Westerhoim, Chair Title: C EO
Meffopolitan Trust Fund Commission
Sworn to and subscribed to before me a
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF Notary Public, this Zl day of August,
FUNDS: 2024.
“Kevin Crumbo, Director. ~—~—=sé[ Notary Public seal] gates ;
Department of Finance RON ANI ty
SOS 0%
SAS" SMp, OA
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY: FoF, OnE Qe
BST nelescn. 1a
Assistant Metropolitan Attorney 2S Pug “ot =
Soper =
‘APPROVED AS TO RISK AND meow
_ INSURANCE: ;
. . Notary Public . 4.
Director of Risk Management Services. By ory < Yj Llp
LEMP _": ‘
APPROVED BY METROPOLITAN My Commission expires O59 /09/X6
GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND
aaa COUNTY:
ae whl) (i - af
: Freddie O'Connell — ~
Metropolitan County Mayor :
Date SEP 19 :2024 .
ATTEST this the !th/of Seokmbe} q 24
ev: ££, fn, Age
7 ~~ ~WMetropolitan Clerk
. 4N0261585.1) il
a ARCHIVE


ATTACHMENT A
% yr S
J Bh}
a
Barnes Housing Trust Fund Scope of Work
Funding Round Number: 13
Organization Name: Rebuilding Together Nashville
Project Location: Various addresses TBD in target areas of Bordeaux, the Dickerson Pike Corridor, and
disaster-affected homes in Madison
Project Type: Homeowner Rehab
Grant Award: $1,217,198
Metro Property Award: N/A
Total Number of Units: 65
Total Number of Barnes Fund Units by Income Target:
iS 30% AMI 31-60% AMI 61-80% AMI
ee ee eee | eee eee «eee
Project Summary:
RTN will use the Barnes Fund grant to provide home repairs for 65 low-income homeowners in the target
areas of Bordeaux, the Dickerson Pike Corridor, and disaster-affected homes in Madison.
ARCHIVE


ATTACHMENT B
iH za
Barnes Housing Trust Fund Grant Budget
ARCHIVE


ARCHIVE


ir
Qo
a
ri
a
a
=
w
x
[21
z
2
nw
=
3
oe
=
{eo}
2
8
2
ni]
z
a 3
FG Eee 6 BEEGEPRCEEEE!  BERLEGE Gm 2 Gl FERC
3/3 3 COlDlo a Alon sy ips bond
; AR SPE ss Falalalas i BSS SIS sisi2 |= [5/8
Si bad
BI ba bd )
2) 2|2|3/E
te
&
a Fi
: silshe (leleisisileielelsie alg sla] slshile 8
s/|8 3 SES S/F E18 FE 1 ke | f
z Seen) lssllarslalaeP ris Per msl”! MSsmslela| (32
eB) tals|s|si8
= i as
S| >
3
&
8) 2] 2] 3/8) 8 2
=|8| 2] 215) 5 B § 3 BE _z
218/38) 2) >| 53 5 2 as 5, AE ag
Apemee $| [3 FI FaK3 = 5 2, (S2
slel felSiazle| | 15 rae 315] € “lals| felt
S133] |Slai siz] | |S 3/518 x} | gle &|2 8 Si iSisis) |z]8
2 E e/alo 8 -
o/Ele Ele g S/218 8 £)ayE = Fd 3 “13
2/2 : 8 ele 8) [Els SlElels] sits! isi? e| |3|2
* af Selelsle/aq [Sle 2/sjtz| [TSP TS| WE syisizizial [se
HERG 6 HEAEEEReEEGe) a BEeBaEG) 4 Gm 4 BEESEEE
AES lgla gZ|z|= 3s 18/5/28 als i =l=|e HIVE
A BD


mol
2
‘2
o
s|o|o\5 bo} 5S | a0] no
BlB|s|olele a f£lolcisc
ey2;2;2;2)2 2 S/S/E1s
> Fliazizia = clelecle
=] VITSITSIis vo io}
ov Viviaia wo ov Vio
2) NIMH 2) ajiZlaja
v
| lelelst [gl | le slels
2 S515 a 5 plalala
Ss} |s/gle} | ie Slejela
alalmisizials ale ET
Melclc/MiciMialcic ro Al a a
Y15/5| S| el o]@|s\/s\6 zslelele
SslSlFlOSlHls| Sl/sls AlS13/%
Slo Fe ce ce BMS Sloj/fj;e/2
Slolol/ei2 slolUj5/z 0 S|s|o
MISIEIS/S/SIEISIcIEls YMiElsiala
S/F)5/Z/2)E)5/E)2) 5)< eiziej;e)e
BlslelclelSlelslalel< Sle] Slala
fe fH Ole OU ju l= =|VIO|O
sisisisisisisisisisis sisisisis
i=] e|o o1o!|o e1c!ico
¥ Als|A/S/8l8/s/slajs/s S/sisis|s
Nlvllloluy|un|o|o}|u|o a) o|w
5 Bernas ails AIS ISIS |g
2 baad ras bs rod We had haa heed had
; o
3 a
= wn
ot &
fe a
fz & Lad
SlSClSololcolico|ic|o o|o|co!ico
CN es bed Sly
N
Sl5la sis
SAS ee
m
-
-)
a]
&
Pr
=
vu
i
2)
sisisisisisisisisisis sisisisis
o|o ol19o o|o
818/818 /8/2|8 1818/8 |8 3/S/e/sie
D Jud ud PUTO |S |u| a} a |us | en u|ol|o|o|w
EIS als alas Bin 8 EI EF
al” nea nd > A 1
w 3
L~ C~J
°
e Fe
4
2
Cc
o
ge
Oly
<|2
S16
OQ) m
els
c a eile
i
Elo x] 2 8/8
wo ols . Ey w o|2
so £/s8 bs] a c alo
e o|c < wn bo S ci
2 215 o|5 s £| l2\clal=
i 6|s £13 cla s =)sjs
els 5 §|8 = S|alS
bo aja Sell bod LiF oO S15] 0/°
4 vl= S 2 S/5/8/5
= Ele] lees 8]5 8} |2/Ela\s
o fails <=lS/= 3g S els
4 VYilols|al)/oa cig Slojaja
o Elz |Sjelele SSE A] = a
= 3 2/818 ®/)O|5 o O/2|zr |=
Fl2/S|S/=/< 2/4 /= . Slalzclc
7 c ciel alo 3 a lalla
o 2) 4)3)/3/5/O/Slals|>|_ Fi sisisi<
3 S/3/SlS|LI¥/ S/ZS/S/5/5 EBlflel2is
aS |¥/E/S/SlElE/Bl S13 5/8l2/Slzl2\e
SISIS/E)S8lal<elSlelFle


ATTACHMENT C
Ne S f
Barnes Housing Trust Fund Draw Schedule
The following percentages are based on the Barnes Fund grant award.
Draw# %ofGrant Milestone
1 25% Pre-construction expenses at execution of home assessment and
scope of work.

2+ 75% Monthly reimbursement as work progresses.
Note: All draw requests except the 1" must be inspected by a third-party inspector contracted with Metro*
prior to the release of funds. All draw requests require documentation and are paid on a reimbursable
basis.
“If a project requires a permit, the work must pass inspection by Metro Codes.


ATTACHMENT D
Required Documents
The following are required items pursuant to Metropolitan Code 5.04.070:
1. A copy of the nonprofit's corporate charter or other articles, constitution, bylaws, or instruments of
organization;
2. A copy of a letter from the Internal Revenue Service evidencing the fact that the organization is a
nonprofit, tax-exempt organization under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended;
3. A statement of the nature and extent of the organization's program that serves the residents of the
metropolitan government;
4. The proposed use of the funds to be provided by the metropolitan government (See Attachment A);
5. The proposed budget of the organization, indicating all sources of funds and a line-item
identification of the proposed expenditure of metropolitan government funds (See Attachment B);
6. A copy of the nonprofits annual audit or other required financial documentation described in Metro
Code subsection 5.04.070(E).


JB . STATE OF TENNESSEE
Pape ep Se ON, Tre Hargett, Secretary of State
a iB} Division of Business Services
ABA Ase William R. Snodgrass Tower

SE uMEB oe" 312 Rosa L. Parks AVE, 6th FL

SOT Nashville, TN 37243-1102
*eeeeee® ——
REBUILDING TOGETHER NASHVILLE
ATTN: KAITLIN DASTUGUE
6101 CENTENNIAL BLVD
NASHVILLE, TN 37209-1348
Request Type: Certified Copies Issuance Date: 10/25/2016
Request #: 218245 Copies Requested: 1
ee
Document Receipt
Receipt #: 002942222 Filing Fee: $20.00
Payment-Check/MO - REBUILDING TOGETHER NASHVILLE, NASHVILLE, TN $20.00
|, Tre Hargett, Secretary of State of the State of Tennessee, do hereby certify that REBUILDING TOGETHER *
NASHVILLE, Control # 286981 was formed or qualified to do business in the State of Tennessee on 12/01/1994.
REBUILDING TOGETHER * NASHVILLE has a home jurisdiction of TENNESSEE and is currently in an Active
status. The attached documents are true and correct copies and were filed in this office on the date(s) indicated
below.
Tre Hargett ol
Secretary of State
Processed By: Sheila Keeling
The attached document(s) was/were filed in this office on the date(s) indicated below:
Reference # Date Filed Filing Description
2920-0004 12/01/1994 Initial Filing
5351-1042 02/07/2005 Articles of Amendment
Phone (615) 741-6488 * Fax (615) 741-7310 * Website: http://tnbear.tn.gov/
Page 1 of 1


SERRE eS” MAE ER FBG EE SM a Uae eee cians PRO ara ea i hae Rent e
a: ee ce tt Be ees aa oe een ae eM
TPE ESS CES dS GR Siete gar cnt AEE ree eee
a te Se ; ag Hey A RRR a betas hae
nen nf 30 CHARTER Be en Wie
7 OST CHRISTMAS IN APRIL, * NASHIVILLE
i The undersigned, acting as the ‘ncorporators of ‘ corporation. under the "Tenmiéssee ef =
7 Nonpeolt Crenpoitition Act, adopt ihe following: Charter for Sch-corporation: pe teed & a
“te “4,” The sasio.of the ootporation is Christmas in Apal* Nashville... 2 pi aae
7 a ae exipotation is & public bene corporation. iy : a we ae ake : = :
ong 2. : “The corporation isa chavtabie corporation. ve fi ce? | we be ee
= & She street address. of “the ‘initial. cegistefed office ‘of “the corporation is 230° ss é a :
Fourth Avenue, North, Third Floor, P.O. Box 198888, Nashville, Davidson County, Tennéssee fhe
a 37259-8888, and the initial registered agent for ihe compération at that office is Barbara Moss. ‘ x 7 i
. $. “The name and address of each incorporate is: e wa ‘ 5 an ae _
Peppi Leland - Dean Baer
. . 3961 Charlotte Ave. ? ‘2100 West End Ave., Suite. 1209 .
% ' ‘Nashville, Tennessee 37209 "Nashville, ‘Tenneswe 37203...
te 6. The street address. of ‘the pringipal office of the corporation is 212 Capitol .
Fi _ _  Bovievand, Nashville, Tenaoswe 37219. = an oy ly a: i * ‘apes 3
.  % The — ierig foe profit. - Spat weit Uyhe sag fond ‘
‘ & ‘The corporation will not have members. . . . mals i.
5, The purposes for which the corporation ‘is orgatiized ares to operae oe -
exclusively for charitable gurposes so that at all times it will be an organization which is ;
descriged in Section 301(c}(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, or correspending section ;
of any funure federal tax code the ("Code"), and which is also an organization described in a
Sections 170}, 2035{2} and 2522(a) of the Code; specifically, in cxcieestion, with the i
‘goxeres.o2 - é = ie. a :
ARCHIVE


EERIE ee ER RT eee
| community; we EY, dhe houses of low-income home owners, particularly Geeemiyaet . :
| : “gisabledalig: generally to engage inany other lawful endeavor or activity in furtherance of any i

of a | = a ok, :
10. . Na part of the net earnings, of the corporation shall inure to the-benefit of,-0F- : a
" be distribistable to, its directors, efSicers, or other. velit individuals or pecsons, ‘except that * %
"ths corporation shall be autharsize? and sapowered to pay feasonable compensation fer goods io i b
and services rendered and to make’ payments int furtherance: of the purposes set forth iu the» é
os pargraph just akove, No substantial patt of the avtivities of vis cosporetia tall x aiempting vf z
a “® influence ..gistation by propaganda or otherwise and the Corporation shal not participate or ‘ :
"”niecvan’, dizeetly er indivectly, fi any politica campaign on behalf of or in opposition to any : :
candidate ior public office.. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Charter; the corporation -
shall not carry on afly éndeavors'or activities not permitted to be carried ca by a corporation rw: :
—_— frou eden ean tax under Section 501(0)3) of the Code, or by a ‘poepotaiion, —_ :
_ contributions to which are deductible under Section 170(¢} of the Code, 5 - ne 4
7 Li, | Upon diszolution, after al creditors of the corporation have been paid, its assets: | :
shall be distributed to one ox more organizations which qualify a exempt organizations under :
Seaton $01(€)() of the Cosi, oF shall be uistribted to the federal government, or to astae
or local government, for exclusively site purposes, ¥ ; ¥ 3 ‘er Pag ‘
12. ‘To the extent allowed by the laws of the Sinte of Tennessee, ne present oF future
: director of the corporation (or his or her estate, heirs and personal representatives) shall be tiable
i the ecrporation for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a dirwows of the
corporation. Any liability ofa director (or his or her estate, heirs and personal representatives) .
shall be further eliminated or limited to the fullest extent allowed by the laws of the State of
Tennessee, both as now in effect wad as hereafter adopted or amended, me
9928764,.62 2 , . a - 7 :
ARCHIVE


ea eee ee we RES Bie plans AE ar ahae e
9B With respeetto claims or lishilities arising out of service asa director; member

ofa cbmmittes. of the boar! of divectors, or officer of the corporation, the corporation shall ©...
‘ SBE Berge Slee 3 so pes ek em olaesee

Oe kes” Fig 8 7 rae ag ee cE yey "

indestiiif arid advance expenses to each present and fulure director, committee member and =
-offioat (end bis or her estate, heirs anc personal:répresentatives) to:the fullest extent allowed by’
the lave of the State of Tennessee, both as now in effect and ag hereafter adopted or amerided. =
"DARED this 4.25 day tee. 1994, 7 wa, a ni sees neti eins enee ®
; |. Reppi svlang, Incorporatar Se
fae og jal 2 AD. 2 : \ fos OF a teat “eae are
A a Dean Baker, Incorporator. cy
16788 .0% 3 ss . te


2% | is jes: Alaa , i
. J} ; = a.
gat? gt Ett eg For ofies Gq nly ee
vo @ ee ane
Broder “ae WASH, :
a? ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT Be, PO Pe
Reparturent of State TO THE CHARTER Oe SS Pads
Corporate Filings (Nonprofit TOS 6 wn
312 Eighth Avenue North profit) “Os. B a
6" Floor, William K. Snodgrass Tower oe: 4
Nashville. TN. 37243 ; pp
CORPORATE CONTROL NUMBER (IF KNOWN) cae: oi
PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 48-60-05 OF THE TENNESSEE NONPROFIT AC
CORPORATION ACT. THE UNDERSIGNED CORPORATION ADOPTS THE FOLLOWING ARTICLES vs
OF AMENDMENT TO ITS CHARTER:
I, PLEASE JNSERT THE NAME OF THE CORPORATION AS JTAPPEARS OF RECORD: ;
Chats t pies inl. fo Lx Washo. tle
IF CHANGING JHE NAME, INSERT THE NEW NAME ON TITE LINE BFLOW:
ne Re biasing Lose ther © asta: ecco
2, PLEASE MARK THE BLOCK THAT APPLIES:
AMENDMENT IS TO BE BFFECTIVE WHEN FILED BY THE SECRETARY OF STATE.
AMENDMENT IS TO BE EFFECTIVE, (MONTH, DAY. YEAR)
(NOT TOBE LATER THAN TITE SFT DAY AETCR THE DATE. THIS DOCUMENT IS FILED) IP NEITHER BLOCK 18 CHECKED,
THEAMENDMENT WILL BE EPPECTIVE AT THE TIME OF FILING
3, PLEASE INSERT ANY CHANGES THAT APPLY:
A. PRINCIPALADORESS: 2 A
STREET ADDRESS:
; meena tmnt
8 REGISTEREOAGENT: J :
©. REGISTEHEDADORESS: _ — Ne ana
STRELT ADDRESS
Na era: |, Rea
cir STATE ZPCHE COUNTY
Q.OFHERCHANGES, — __ —
4, THE CORPORATION IS A NONPROFIT CORPORATION, ;
5. THE MANNER (IF NOT SET FORTH IN THE AMENDMENT) FOR IMPLEMENTATION OF ANY EX-
CHANGE, RECLASSIFICATION, OR CANCELLATION OF MEMBERSHIPS JS AS FOLLOWS:
6. THE AMENDMENT WAS DULY ADOPTED ON_JGAY4a / 00 (MONTIT, DAY. YEAR
BY (Please mark the block that applies): . k
DD 'HE INCORPORATORS WITHOUT MEMBER APPROVAL. AS SUCH WAS NOT REQUIRED. q
<{ THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS WITHOUT MEMBER APPROVAL, AS SUCH WAS NOT REQUIRED.
1 THC MEMBERS ,
7. INDICATE WHICH OF THE FOLLOWING STATEMENTS APPLIES BY MARKING THE APPLICABLE,
BLOCK: a
=) ADDITIONAL APPROVAL FOR THE AMENDMENT (AS PERMITTED BY §48-60-301 OF THE - -
TENNESSEE NONPROFIT CORPORATION ACT) WAS NOT REQUIRED. 7 :
0] ADDITIONAL APPROVAL FOR THE AMENDMENT WAS REQUIRED BY THE CHARTER AND WAS
ORTAINED- _ A:
<= ? a oy
Exctutwe Dwector (Aral feos. J. >
SIGNER'S CAPACITY SIGNATURE,
aQ-+-05" “Cart L- Peclioa ae
HATE _ NAME OF SIGNER (TYPED GR PRINTF) ‘
65-4416 (Rev. 10/01) Filing Fee: $20 : RDA 1678 7


ARCHIVE


i) IRS Department of the Treasury
Internal Revenue Service
P.O. Box 2508 In reply refer to: 0248225078
Cincinnati OH 45201 Sep. 23, 2015 LTR 4168C 0
62-1593904 000000 00
00017637
BODC: TE
REBUILDING TOGETHER-NASHVILLE
% REBU
ey 6101 CENTENNIAL BLVD
eh NASHVILLE TN 37209-1348
22391
Employer Identification Number: 62-1593904
Person to Contact: Sheila Schrom
Toll-Free Felephone Number: 1-877-829-5500— ---
Dear Taxpayer:
This is in response to your Sep. 14, 2015, request for information
regarding your tax-exempt status.
Our records indicate that you were recognized as exempt under
section 501(c)(03) of the Internal Revenue Code in a determination
letter issued in April, 1995.
Our records also indicate that you are not a private foundation within
the meaning of section 509(a) of the Code because you are described in
section(s) 509€a)(1) and 170Cb) C1) CAI CVI).
Donors may deduct contributions to you as provided in section 170 of
the Code. Bequests, legacies, devises, transfers, or gifts to you or
for your use are deductible for Federal estate and gift tax purposes
if they meet the applicable provisions of sections 2055, 2106, and
2522 of the Code.
Please refer to our website www.irs.gov/eo for information regarding
filing requirements. Specifically, section 6033(j) of the Code
provides that failure to file an annual information return for three
consecutive years results in revocation of tax-exempt status as of
the filing due date of the third return for organizations required to
file. We will publish a list of organizations whose tax-exempt
status was revoked under section 6033(j) of the Code on our website
beginning in early 2011.


0248225078
Sep. 23, 2015 LTR 4168C 0
62-1593904 000000 00
00017638
REBUILDING TOGETHER-NASHVILLE
% REBU
6101 CENTENNIAL BLVD
NASHVILLE TN 37209-1348
If you have any questions, please call us at the telephone number
shown in the heading of this letter.
Sincerely yours,
Doris Kenwright, Operation Mor.
Accounts Management Operations 1


ry Rebuilding Together.

Nashville ‘
Rebuilding Together Nashville integrates community revitalization strategies into its work, recognizing that
housing affects health through a range of factors including quality, location, and affordability. Our quality of
life is strongly influenced by the places where we live, work, and play. Thriving communities are marked by
having the resources and power to support their wellbeing, including breathing clean air, eating healthy
food, and having a safe and affordable home. Having a home is often not enough, as poor housing conditions
often directly harm people’s health- for example developing asthma from mold/allergens or suffering from
the effects of extreme heat or cold when heating and cooling units cannot be fixed.

Measuring Our Impact tia naman
We take a strategic approach to prioritizing |
: ee FR Windows and
home repairs and modifications. Safe and exterior doors pats i + icatld dgea
Healthy Housing is the foundation of Rebuilding “oe,
Together’s home repair work, targeting Siesta paras a dd
significant safety and health hazards based on pricdoneirlilay
the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Modifications to |
Development’s Eight Principles of Healthy eee Lo irekcaia Sal
2 . need help.
Homes- keep it dry, clean, pest-free, contaminant ins berware |
free, well-ventilated, maintained, and thermally strategically ae,
placed for those
controlled. at risk of falls, |
Rainwater is
ss eats:
Rebuilding Together Nashville measures its escape |
impact by the differences the repairs make in Medley ccs
reducing occupants’ health and safety using the —_andearess to tne i
25 Safe and Healthy Housing Priorities checklist sabcena dane |
throughout the process. The “before” data icnaais nat at.
highlights clients’ homes’ significant repair ee ee |
oo we oss The home Is free
needs, highlighting the high prevalence of seat ivewate emote al
al ious:
threats to safety and health in the homes of our moisture |
low-income clients. The “after” data illustrates The root is be al et
how our repairs directly benefit our clients by watertight.
mitigating or removing these hazards. From this Worng smoke |
information, you can identify how the health each floor and in pages
and safety issues have improved on the table ornear |
pictured below. 0 20 a0 a LJ
° j I J
Pip <1 “A p= &)
To) = m jam
neang pte tt mec 0 cae "Soraccnnrosuengianra deal oe mak upesanmcose parr creplopios “Serdteownaoe teers, pericope nraren- hee
mp crimes, belon fs sol ‘ped appre io kitchunvbathroere eu, a eae ‘paint aed wall Smeaton nee oe ‘workeg arecke Jiro inezch lost at ‘evterior walls without gups/cracke moles
BEFORE = AFTER BEFORE = AFTER BEFORE AFTER BEFORE AFTER BEFORE = AFTER BEFORE = AFTER
47% —> 77% 26% — 92% 35% — 85% 57% —> 72% 19% —* BB% 56% —+ 87%


Homeowner & Community Engagement:
Building relationships to find solutions
With our Safe & Healthy Home Improvement Program, Rebuilding Together Nashville is invited behind the screen
door and into the lives of our homeowners. Through our extensive work, we know that home repairs are only a piece
of needed resources for homeowners to remain safe & healthy in their homes. We are seeking to build community
connections to support our homeowners by addressing areas of homeowner wrap-around services, sustaining
homeownership, and community engagement.
Social Determinants of Health Collecting Data
Social determinants of health (SDOH) are the Through our partnership with Vanderbilt
conditions in the environments where people are University School of Nursing community health
born, live, learn, work, play, worship, and age. program, we took deliberate efforts in creating a
They affect a wide range of health, functioning, community-based SDOH assessment tool that
and quality-of-life outcomes and risks. SDOH effectively assesses for needs and gaps in
contribute to wide health disparities and resources. Our Community Advisory Committee
inequities. For example, someone who lives in played an important role in serving as a focus
homes with mold or moisture issues might suffer group to ensure we ask the questions in a way
from higher rates of asthma. that invites accurate reflection of needs. Through
the support of HCA Foundation, we were able to
Transport- Sal A screen both former and current homeowners.
aia Supports F
5 \ g aver * Are caretakers of family
; re) members
Food — Housing —Utility 5 0 h + Have a hard time paying their
Insecurity Needs Needs utility bills
* Need help understanding
Financial . .
Education Resource over hospital or legal materials
Strain 3 0 ¥ « Use space heaters or cooking
0 stoves to heat their home
The social need domains shown above help guide * Go without something to
RTN programming. They also inform the strategic save money
partnerships we build in the community to ;
address these issues--allowing us to fully live out 5 6 Y Asked for follow up help with
our mission of rebuilding lives. 0 identified needs
: Above: RTN results from homeowner SDOH survey
Our Partners
We believe all work is better accomplished together. We have created partnerships with Vanderbilt School
of Nursing and University of Tennessee College of Social Work. These partnerships will continue to be
called upon for further support of service and resource development. We are active members in the
Nashville Voluntary Organizations Active During Disasters (VOAD) to work collaboratively.
Rebuilding Together Nashville seeks opportunities that will have tangible benefits for our homeowners
and community members. These activities include:
* Screen and refer homeowners to wrap around services.
+ Provide follow-up assistance to former homeowners reaching out for additional help.
* Grow partnerships with community organizations that fill gaps in resources--providing better access to
services for all community members.
ARCHIVE


REBUILDING TOGETHER NASHVILLE, INC.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
JUNE 30, 2023
a3 BELLENFANT
THEE mo A REOHIVE


REBUILDING TOGETHER NASHVILLE, INC.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
JUNE 30, 2023

Independent Auditor's Report 3
Financial Statements:

Statement of Financial Position 5

Statement of Activities 6

Statement of Functional Expenses 7,

Statement of Cash Flows 8
Notes to Financial Statements 9

5.
ARCHIVE


BE
ia BELLENFANT
Paty CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS & ADVISORS
Professional Accounting & Consulting Services
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
Board of Directors
Rebuilding Together Nashville, Inc.
Nashville, Tennessee
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying financial statements of Rebuilding Together Nashville, Inc. (a nonprofit
organization), which comprise the statement of financial position as of June 30, 2023, and the related
statements of activities, functional expenses, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes to
the financial statements.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of Rebuilding Together Nashville, Inc. as of June 30, 2023, and the changes in its net assets and its
cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of
America. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for
the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be independent of Rebuilding
Together Nashville, Inc. and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the relevant ethical
requirements relating to our audit. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.
Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the design,
implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or
events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about Rebuilding Together Nashville, Inc.'s
ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are available
to be issued.
as
2919 Berry Hill Drive * Nashville TN 37204 + Tel: 615.370.8700 * Fax: 615.370.4475 * www. Bel AVREOAIVE


Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free

from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our

opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a

guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards will always detect a

material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is

higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,

misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a

substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a

reasonable user based on the financial statements.

In performing an audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, we:

* Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit,

+ Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or
error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.

* Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
Rebuilding Together Nashville, Inc.'s internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed.

+ Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting
estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the financial statements.

* Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise
substantial doubt about Rebuilding Together Nashville, Inc.'s ability to continue as a going concern for a
reasonable period of time.

We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the

planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control related matters

that we identified during the audit.

Bellenfant, PLLC

Nashville, Tennessee

October 23, 2023

fs


REBUILDING TOGETHER NASHVILLE, INC.
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
JUNE 30, 2023
ASSETS
CURRENT ASSETS
Cash and Cash Equivalents $ 314,284
Accounts Receivable 64,042
Prepaid Expenses 16,020
Accrued Revenue 50,503
Total Current Assets 444,849
FIXED ASSETS
Trailer 19,943
Less; Accumulated Depreciation (11,953)
Total Fixed Assets 7,990
Total Assets $ 452,839
LIABILITIES AND NET ASSETS
CURRENT LIABILITIES
Accounts Payable $ 31,830
Accrued Vacation 4,210
Unearned Revenue 112,322
Total Current Liabilities 148,362
NET ASSETS
Net Assets Without Donor Restrictions 163,955
Net Assets With Donor Restrictions 140,522
Total Net Assets 304,477
Total Liabilities and Net Assets $ 452,839
The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement.
-5-


REBUILDING TOGETHER NASHVILLE, INC.
STATEMENT OF ACTIVITIES
FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2023
Without Donor With Donor
Restrictions Restrictions Total
SUPPORT AND REVENUE
Contributions and Grants:
Government $ 122,440 $ 329,156 $ 451,596
Corporate 225,250 166,563 391,813
Individuals 28,138 - 28,138
Events 38,491 - 38,491
Interest 33 - a
In-Kind 4,684 - 4,684
Net Assets Released from Restrictions 355,197 (355,197) -
Total Support and Revenue 774,233 140,522 914,755
EXPENSES
Program Services 752,525 - 752,525
Supporting Services
Management and General 133,001 - 133,001
Fundraising 68,382 - 68,382
Total Supporting Services 201,383 ~ 201,383
Total Expenses 953,908 - 953,908
Change in Net Assets (179,675) 140,522 (39,153)
Net Assets, Beginning of Year 343,630 - 343,630
Net Assets, End of Year $ 163,955 $ 140,522 $ 304,477
The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement.
-6-


REBUILDING TOGETHER NASHVILLE, INC.
STATEMENT OF FUNCTIONAL EXPENSES
FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2023
Supporting Services
Program Management
Services and General Fundraising Total
Salaries 174,618 73,970 39,393 $ 287,981
Staff Benefits 10,543 - 2,553 13,096
Payroll Taxes 13,610 5,276 2,963 21,849
Total Compensation 198,771 79,246 44,909 322,926
Rent and Utilities 11,892 1,485 1,485 14,862
Occupancy - 1,235 - 1,235
Office Supplies 1,530 2,942 93 4,565
Professional Development 1,047 - 1,276 2323
Professional Fees 5,273 34,004 - 39,277
Travel and Meetings 1,505 691 41 25237
Insurance 5,718 1,692 - 7,410
Contract Labor 467,113 - 8,000 475,113
RT National Dues 18,011 - - 18,011
Materials and Supplies 19,725 - - 19,725
Logistics 10,708 - - 10,708
Other 95732 3,291 - 6,023
Dues and Subscriptions - 1,203 - 1,203
Database and Electronics 1,818 6,939 - 8,757
Fundraising - - 12,578 12,578
Depreciation 1,998 - - 1,998
In-Kind 4,684 - - 4,684
Bank Fees - 273 - 273
$ 752,525 $ 133,001 $ 68,382 $ 953,908
The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement.
7:


, REBUILDING TOGETHER NASHVILLE, INC.
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2023
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Change in Net Assets $ (39,153)
Adjustments to reconcile net income to
net cash provided (used) by operating activities:
Depreciation 1,998
(Increase) Decrease in:
Accounts Receivable (42,076)
Prepaid Expenses (4,607)
Accrued Revenue 7,163
Increase (Decrease) in:
Accounts Payable S52
Accrued Vacation (231)
Unearned Revenue 29,975
Net Cash Provided (Used) by Operating Activities (46,379)
Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents (46,379)
Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Year 360,663
Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Year $ 314,284
The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement.
285


REBUILDING TOGETHER NASHVILLE, INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
JUNE 30, 2023
1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Organization and Purpose
Rebuilding Together Nashville, Inc. (the Organization), incorporated in the State of Tennessee in 1994, is
a collaborative organization whose core mission is to recruit sponsors and volunteers to rehabilitate
through repair, renovation or modification the homes of low-income homeowners, especially the elderly,
veterans, the disabled, and families with children.
Basis of Accounting
The financial statements of Rebuilding Together Nashville, Inc. are maintained and presented on the
accrual basis of Accounting. Revenues are generally recognized when earned and expenses are generally
recognized when incurred.
Financial statement presentation follows the requirements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(FASB) Accounting Standards Codification Topic related to Presentation of Financial Statements of Not-
for-Profit Associations. Under the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, the Organization is required
to report information regarding its financial position and activities according to two classes of net assets;
net assets without donor restrictions and net assets with donor restrictions.

Net assets without donor restrictions - These are net assets that are not subject to donor-imposed

stipulations. The Organization had $163,955 of net assets without donor restrictions as of June 30,

2023.

Net assets with donor restrictions - These are net assets subject to donor-imposed stipulations that may

or will be met, either by actions of the Organization and/or the passage of time. This classification also

includes net assets subject to donor-imposed stipulations that may be maintained permanently by the

Organization. Generally, donors of these assets permit the Organization to use all or part of the income

earned for general or specific purposes. The Organization had $140,522 of net assets with donor

restrictions as of June 30, 2023.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
For purposes of the statement of cash flows, Rebuilding Together Nashville, Inc. considers all highly
liquid investments with a maturity of 90 days or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. As of June
30, 2023, the Organization had no cash equivalents.

Cash and cash equivalents consists of the following as of June 30, 2023:

Checking Accounts $ 314,284
-9-


REBUILDING TOGETHER NASHVILLE, INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
JUNE 30, 2023
1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
Accounts Receivable
Accounts receivable are reported at their estimated collectible amounts. They are periodically evaluated
for collectability based on management’s assessment of each account. An allowance for doubtful accounts
is established as losses are estimated to have occurred through recognition of bad debt expense. When
management confirms the uncollectibility of an account receivable, such amount is charged off against the
allowance for doubtful accounts. No allowance for doubtful accounts was recorded at June 30, 2023.
Prepaid Expenses
Prepaid expenses consists of rent, communications, fundraising and insurance which are paid in advance.
Fixed Assets
Fixed assets consists of Trailers. Purchases above $1,000 are recorded at cost. Depreciation is provided in
amounts necessary to allocate the cost of assets over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line
method. The estimated useful lives of all major classes of fixed assets are as follows:
Equipment 10 years
Revenue and Revenue Recognition
A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer
and is the unit of account under ASC 606. The transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance
obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. The
Organization's revenue within the scope of ASC 606 consists of contributions and grants. The contract
obligations related to these services are satisfied when the projects are completed.
In general, the Organization's agreements have an expected duration of one year or less and the
consideration from the members is an amount that corresponds directly with the value received by the
members to date.
Advertising
Advertising costs are expensed when incurred.
-10-


REBUILDING TOGETHER NASHVILLE, INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
JUNE 30, 2023
1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
Donated Services and Goods
Donated services and goods are recognized if they create or enhance non-financial assets, or the donated
service requires specialized skills, was performed by a donor who possesses such skills, and would have
been purchased by the Organization if not donated. Such services are recognized at fair value as support
and expense in the period the services are performed.
Members of the Board of Directors have provided substantial assistance to the Organization by donation
of time and services. The value of this contribution was is not reflected in the financial statements since it
is not susceptible to objective measurement of valuation.
Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts and
disclosures, Accordingly, actual results could differ from estimates.
Grant Revenues
Grant funds that do not have donor imposed restrictions are reflected as net assets without donor
restrictions since these funds are generally received and spent during the same year. Grant funds that have
been designated by the donor for use by specific programs are reflected as net assets with donor
restrictions.
Contributions
The Organization accounts for contributions in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification topic relating to Accounting for Contributions
Received and Contributions Made. In accordance with the FASB Accounting Standards Codification,
contributions received are recorded as net assets with donor restrictions or net assets without donor
restrictions support depending on the existence or nature of any donor-imposed restrictions. Under the
FASB Accounting Standards Codification, certain contributions are required to be reported as restricted
support and are then reclassified to net assets without donor restrictions upon expiration or resolution of
the donor restrictions. The Organization has $140,522 in contributions with donor restrictions as of June
30, 2023.
“tt


REBUILDING TOGETHER NASHVILLE, INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
JUNE 30, 2023
1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Functional Allocation of Expenses
Expenses that can be directly attributed to a particular function are charged to that function, Accordingly,
certain costs have been categorized based on specific identification of costs incurred or allocated as
determined by management.

Expense Method of Allocation

Compensation Time and Effort

Contract Labor Time and Effort

Depreciation Use of Asset

Travel and Meetings Time and Effort

Administrative Expenses Time and Effort

Rent and Utilities Square Footage

Insurance Policy Coverage
Compensated Absences
The Organization provides compensated absences to its employees, including paid time off and vacation
days, which are accrued as employees render services to the Organization. The Organization recognizes
the expense associated with compensated absences as employees earn them, which is generally in the
period in which the services are rendered.
The liability for compensated absences is recorded based on the estimated amount of unused compensated
absences for the year ended June 30, 2023. The estimate is based on historical trends of compensated
absences taken by employees, as well as the Organization's policy regarding carryover of unused
compensated absences. The Organization had $4,210 of accrued vacation at June 30, 2023.

=13=


REBUILDING TOGETHER NASHVILLE, INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
JUNE 30, 2023
2. AVAILABILITY OF FINANCIAL ASSETS
The following reflects the Organization's financial assets as of June 30, 2023, reduced by amounts not
available for general use because of contractual or donor-imposed restrictions within one year of the
balance sheet date:
Cash and Cash Equivalents $ 314,284
Accounts Receivable 64,042
Prepaid Expenses 16,020
Accrued Revenue 50,503
Financial assets available to meet cash needs for
general expenditures within one year $ 444,849
There is an adequate amount of financial assets available as of June 30, 2023. The Organization
effectively manages its liquid available resources to meet cash needs for general expenditures within one
year of the balance sheet date.
3. CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK
The Organization depends primarily on grants and donations from governmental entities, local non-profit
organizations and individuals for the funding of ongoing operations. Specifically, the Metro Nashville
Barnes Fund was responsible for 49.4% of total revenue for the year ended June 30, 2023.
Should economic or social events transpire to bring hardship upon the Organization's primary support
groups, the Organization may find it difficult to continue operations.
The Organization invests its available cash with major financial institutions. As of June 30, 2023, the cash
accounts exceeded the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit of $250,000 by $11,386. However,
management believes that the credit risk related to these deposits is minimal.
4. FIXED ASSETS
Fixed assets are stated at cost and consist of:
Trailers $ 19,943
Less: Accumulated Depreciation (11,953)
Total Fixed Assets $ 7,990
=13-


REBUILDING TOGETHER NASHVILLE, INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
JUNE 30, 2023
5. UNEARNED REVENUE
Unearned revenue includes unrestricted grant funds that have not yet been earned. Unearned revenue for
the year ended June 30, 2023 consists of:
Corporate Grant Revenue 112,322
Total $ 112,322
6. DONATED MATERIALS AND SERVICES IN-KIND
The Organization received in-kind donations as follows:
Donated Materials $ 4,081
Donated Logistics 603
Total Donated Materials and Logistics $ 4,684
7. INCOME TAXES
Rebuilding Together Nashville, Inc. has qualified for tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of the
Internal Revenue Code. It has been classified as a Nonprofit Corporation that is not a private foundation.
The Organization files a U.S. Federal Form 990-Return of Organization Exempt from Income Tax. The
Organization's returns for the years prior to fiscal year ended June 30, 2020 are no longer open for
examination.
The Organization has evaluted its tax positions in accordance with the Codification Standard relating to
Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes. The Organization believes that it has taken no uncertain tax
positions.
8. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
Subsequent events have been evaluated through October 23, 2023, which is the date the financial
statements were available to be issued.
-14-
