: A -11-35¢4
8
GROUND RENT/USE AGREEMENT
GLYCOL STORAGE FACILITY

THIS OPERATING AGREEMENT, made and entered into effective as of the ___ day of
, 2011, (“effective date”) by and between the METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE AIRPORT
AUTHORITY, a public corporation existing under the laws of the State of Tennessee, hereinafter
referred to as "Authority", and Ascent Aviation Group, Inc., a corporation authorized to do business
in the State of Tennessee, hereinafter referred to as "Ascent".

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, Authority is the owner and operator of the Nashville International Airport
("Airport"), Nashville, Tennessee, together with certain air navigational facilities; and

WHEREAS, at the request of various airlines the Authority has installed a Glycol Storage |
Facility (“Facility”) to support airline de-icing operations; and

WHEREAS, Authority grants Ascent the right to use and maintain the Facility, as depicted
on Exhibit “A” attached hereto and made a part hereof for the storage and distribution of glycol and
other de-icers to be used for de-icing aircraft.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, terms, conditions,
privileges, obligations and agreements herein contained, Authority and Ascent hereby mutually
undertake, promise and, agree, each for itself, and its successors and assigns, as follows:

| SECTION 1. TERM - The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years,
| commencing on the effective date of this Agreement and shall be automatically renewed on a year-
to-year basis. Provided however, this Agreement may be terminated by either party by giving
written notice to the other party at least thirty (30) days prior to any annual renewal date hereof.
FER ~4 2011
METROPOLITAN
1 CLERK


SECTION 2. OPERATING RIGHTS - Ascent is permitted to use the Glycol Storage
Facility, as depicted on Exhibit “A” attached hereto and made a part hereof, for the storage and
distribution of glycol and other de-icers for the de-icing of aircraft.
SECTION 3. OPERATING RESPONSIBILITIES OF AUTHORITY - Authority will |
provide the Facility and shall be responsible for the following: |
1. Providing an existing 10,000 gallon storage tank on an “As is, where is” basis, for
Ascent’s use.
2. Billing Ascent an annual fee of One Thousand Four Hundred Ninety Four Dollars
and no cents ($1,494.00) for ground rental associated with the Glycol Storage
Facility.
SECTION 4. PRIVILEGES AND OBLIGATIONS OF ASCENT - As a user of the Glycol
Storage Facility, the Ascent will be responsible for the following:
1. Installation of a 6550 gallon double walled polypropylene storage tank for Ascent
use. This tank at all times shall remain the property of Ascent.
2. Repairing and maintaining the Glycol Storage Facility, inclusive of the storage
tanks and all equipment associated with operation of the Facility.
3. Maintaining the Facility, inclusive of the storage tanks and all equipment
associated with operation, in a clean, neat and safe operating condition.
4. Providing for the proper handling of all glycol material.
5. Cleaning and containing any spillage or contamination of Airport property as a
result of user's improper handling of glycol material.
6. Providing for sweeping, snow removal and roadway maintenance surrounding the
Facility.
7. Having and following a Storm Water Pollution Prevention Plan (SWPPP) and a
Spill Plan Containment and Countermeasures (SPCC), for the Facility.
2
ARCHIVE


SECTION 5. OPERATING FACILITIES — For actual de-icing of aircraft, Ascent shall use
areas suitable for such activities as shall be designated by the Authority. The use of such facilities
shall be subject to such specific rules and modifications as Authority may require and the immediate
situation may dictate for the safe and proper handling and transporting of glycol material to and
from the facility and on Airport property.

SECTION 6. GROUND RENTAL FEE - Ascent shall pay to Authority a ground rental fee
of One Thousand Four Hundred Ninety Four Dollars and no cents ($1,494.00) per annum, based on
an 1107 square feet at $1.35 per square foot.

SECTION 7. INDEMNIFICATION — Ascent shall protect, defend, indemnify and hold
Authority and its Board of Commissioners, officers, and employees completely harmless from and
against any and all liabilities, demands, suits, claims, losses, fines, or judgments arising by reason of
the injury or death of any person or damage to any property, including all reasonable costs for
investigation and defense thereof (including but not limited to attorney fees, court costs and expert
fees), of any nature whatsoever arising from or incidental to Ascent’s performance of this
Agreement, its operations in the Glycol Facility or the acts or omissions of Ascent's officers,
employees, agents, contractors, subcontractors, licensees or invitees regardless of where the injury,
death or damage may occur; unless such injury, death or damage is caused by the sole negligence of
Authority. Authority shall give Ascent reasonable notice of any such claims or actions. Ascent, in
carrying out its obligations hereunder shall use counsel reasonably acceptable to Authority. The
provisions of this section shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

SECTION 8. INSURANCE

8.1 Ascent agrees to maintain commercial general liability and property damage insurance,
including automobile liability, in an amount of not less than Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000)
combined single limit. Such insurance policies shall name Authority, its Board of Commissioners,
its officers, and its employees as additional insureds to the full extent of Ascent's insurance coverage
but in no event less than the required minimum coverage limit amount. Such insurance shall
include contractual liability insurance to insure Ascent's obligation to indemnify and hold the
3
ARCHIVE


_ : |
|
|

Authority, its Board of Commissioners, its officers and its employees harmless in accordance with
the indemnification provisions of this Agreement.

8.2 Ascent agrees that all insurance policies shall contain a severability of interest or
cross-liability provision endorsement which shall read generally as follows:

"In the event of one of the assureds incurring liability to any other of the assureds,
this policy shall cover the assured against whom claim is or may be made in the
same manner as if separate policies had been issued to each assured. Nothing
contained herein shall operate to increase the limits of liability.”

8.3 Ascent agrees that all insurance policies shall provide that they will not be altered or
cancelled without thirty (30) days advance written notice to Authority. Such insurance must
provide that it will be considered primary insurance as respects any other valid and collectible
insurance, or self-insured retention, or deductible Authority may possess. Any other insurance or
self insured retention of Authority shall be considered excess insurance only.

8.4 Authority shall have the right to change the insurance coverages and the insurance
limits required of Ascent, without any adjustment of the rental fees paid by Ascent or any cost to
Authority, if such changes are recommended or imposed by Authority's insurers.

8.5 Ascent shall obtain all insurance required from an insurance company or companies
licensed to do business in the State of Tennessee. The insurance company must be acceptable to
Authority; approval may be denied a company based on its Best rating or other indication of
financial inadequacy.

8.6 Ascent shall provide to Authority such evidence of compliance with Authority's
insurance requirements as Authority may from time to request. At a minimum Ascent shall provide,
at the commencement of this Agreement, a certificate of insurance. All such certificates shall be
completed to show compliance with Ascents’ obligations hereunder, specifically as to the
indemnification and notice provisions. Authority may also require copies of the declaration page,
insurance policy, and any endorsements thereto.

4


8.7 If Ascent or its insurance company fails to promptly respond to Authority's request
for adequate evidence of compliance with the insurance provisions Authority may, in addition to all
its other remedies, charge Ascent an additional rental in an amount equal to ten percent (10%) of the
rental required hereunder until such evidence is provided.

8.8 If Ascent shall at any time fail to insure or keep insured as aforesaid, Authority may
do all things necessary to effect or maintain such insurance and all monies expended by it for that
purpose shall be repayable by Ascent as additional rental in the month or months the premium or
premiums are paid by Authority. If any insurance policies required hereunder can not be obtained
for any reason Authority may require Ascent to cease any and all operations until coverage is
obtained. If such insurance coverage is not obtained within a reasonable period of time, to be
determined solely by Authority, Authority may terminate this Agreement.

SECTION 9. RULES, REGULATIONS AND CONDITIONS - The use of the Glycol
Facility is conditioned upon strict compliance at all times during the term hereof with the following:

1. All Federal rules and regulations pertaining to Ascent and Ascent operations at
Airport.
2. All applicable laws of the State of Tennessee, The Metropolitan Government of
Nashville and Davidson County, and the rules and regulations made by Authority.
SECTION 10. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION - Ascent agrees to comply with all
laws, and to obey all rules, regulations, or administrative orders of agencies of The Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County, the State of Tennessee, The United States and
Authority as these laws, rules, regulations and administrative orders may now exist and as they may
be hereafter adopted relating to protection of the environment.
SECTION 11. ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE
11.1 Ascent shall not cause or permit any "Hazardous Substance" as defined in Section
11, Paragraph 4 of this Agreement to be used, stored or generated on the Glycol Facility, except for
Hazardous
5


Substances of types and quantities customarily used or found in Ascent's business so long as said
Hazardous Substances are used, stored and/or generated in full compliance with all laws. Ascent
shall not cause or permit the release [as "Release" is defined in 42 U.S.C. Section 9601(22)(as
amended)] of any Hazardous Substance, contaminant, pollutant, or petroleum product in, on or
under the Glycol Facility or into any ditch, conduit, stream, storm sewer, or sanitary sewer
connected thereto or located thereon. Ascent shall fully and timely comply with all applicable
federal, state, and local statutes and regulations relating to protection of the environment, including,
without limitation, 42 U.S.C. Sections 6991-6991i.
11.2. Compliance Upon Termination - Upon the termination of this Agreement or

vacation of the Glycol Facility, Ascent shall, at Ascent's sole expense, remove or permanently clean

all Hazardous Substances that Ascent, or anyone for whom Ascent is responsible, including, but not

limited to, a customer, invitee, employee, agent, or person having a contractual relationship with the
Ascent, caused to be situated on, at, in or under the Glycol Facility. This shall be done in

compliance with all applicable federal, state and local laws, regulations and ordinances and shall

include the performance of any necessary cleanup or remedial action. Ascent shall provide

Authority with copies of all records related to any Hazardous Substances that are required to be

maintained by any applicable federal, state, or local laws or regulations.

Ascent shall, at Ascent's sole expense, clean up, remove and remediate (1) any Hazardous

Substances in, on, or under the Glycol Facility in excess of allowable levels established by all

applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations and (2) all contaminants and pollutants, in,

on, or under the Glycol Facility that create or threaten to create a substantial threat to human health

or the environment and that are required to be removed, cleaned up, or remediated by any applicable

federal, state, or local law, regulation, standard or order. This obligation does not apply to a Release

of Hazardous Substances, pollutants, contaminants or petroleum products that existed on the Glycol

Facility prior to the execution of the Agreement or caused solely by the act or omission of Authority

or a third party for whom the Ascent is not responsible, e.g., not a customer, invitee, employee,

agent, or person having a contractual relationship with the Ascent.

|
6 |
ARCHIVE


11.3. Indemnity for Non-Compliance - Ascent shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless
the Authority and its consultants, agents, officers, directors and employees from and against all
claims, damages, losses and expenses, whether direct, indirect or consequential, including but not
limited to attorneys fees, arising out of or resulting from the Ascent's use of the Glycol Facility or
acts or omissions of others on the Glycol Facility for whom Ascent is responsible. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, the above indemnification provision extends to liabilities, damages,
suits, penalties, judgments, and environmental cleanup, removal, response, assessment, or
remediation costs, arising from actual, threatened or alleged contamination of the Glycol Facility or
actual, threatened or alleged release of any Hazardous Substances, pollutant, contaminant or
petroleum in, on or under the Glycol Facility or the Building, provided that said actual, threatened
or alleged contamination or release occurs after execution of the Agreement and is not caused by
contamination that existed at the Glycol Facility prior to execution of the Agreement. Ascent's
obligations under this paragraph shall survive termination or expiration of the Agreement.

11.4. Definition of Hazardous Substances - As used herein, the term "Hazardous
Substances" means and includes any and all substances, chemicals, wastes, sewage or other
materials which are now or hereafter regulated, controlled or prohibited by any local, state or federal
law or regulation requiring removal, warning or restrictions on the use, generation, disposal or
transportation thereof including, without limitation, (a) any substance defined as a "hazardous
substance", “hazardous material", "hazardous waste", "toxic substance", or "air pollutant" in the
Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act(CERCLA), 42 U.S.C.
Section 9601, et_seq., the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act(HMTA), 49 U.S.C. Section
1801, et _seq., the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA), 42 U.S.C. Section 6901, et
seq., the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (FWPCA), 33 U.S.C.Section 1251, et seq., or the
Clean Air Act (CAA), 42 U.S.C. Section 7401, et seq., all as amended and amended hereafter; (b)
any substance defined as a "hazardous substance", "hazardous waste, "toxic substance", "extremely
hazardous waste", "RCRA hazardous waste", "waste" or "hazardous material" in Sections |
25115,25117, 25122.7, 25120.2, 25124, 25281, 25316, 25501 of the California Health and Safety |
Code, or listed pursuant to Section 25140 of the California Health and Safety Code; (c) any
hazardous substance, hazardous waste, toxic substance, toxic waste, hazardous material, waste,
chemical, or compound described in any other federal, state, or local statute, ordinance, code, rule,

7
ARCHIVE


regulation, order, decree or other law now or at any time hereafter in effect regulating, relating to or |
imposing liability or standards of conduct concerning any hazardous, toxic, or dangerous substance,

chemical, material, compound, or waste. As used herein, the term "Hazardous Substances" also

means and includes, without limitation, asbestos; flammable, explosive or radioactive materials;

gasoline, oil; motor oil; waste oil; petroleum (including without limitation, crude oil or any fraction

thereof); petroleum-based products; paints and solvents; lead; cyanide; DDT; printing inks; acids;

pesticides; ammonium compounds; polychlorinated biphenyls; and other regulated chemical

products.

11.5. Authority's Representation - To the best of Authority's current actual knowledge and ,
belief as of the date of execution of this Agreement, Authority is not aware of any disposal of any
Hazardous Substances in the Glycol Facility prior to the date of execution. Authority has provided
Ascent with an opportunity to inspect the Glycol Facility prior to the execution of the Agreement
and date of possession.

SECTION 12. ATTORNEYS' FEES - Should either party bring suit to enforce any of the
terms of the Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover court costs and reasonable
attorneys’ fees.

SECTION 13. MODIFICATION - This Agreement may not be modified unless such
modification is in writing and signed by both parties to the Agreement.

SECTION 14. PARTIAL INVALIDITY - In the event any provision or any portion thereof
of this Agreement shall be held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction,
such holding shall not invalidate or render unenforceable any other provision hereof.

SECTION 15. GOVERNING LAW - This Agreement shall be governed by a construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee.

8


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the
day and year first above written.
AUTHORITY:
ATTEST: METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE
AIRPORT AUTHORITY:
ee F Raul Regalado .
President & CEO
|
APPROVED AS TO |
FORM AND LEGALITY: RECOMMENDED: |
|
A —_ Ne ‘ha WA |
obert C. Watson tan Van Ostran
Senior Vice President & CLO Vice President & CFO
ASCENT:
Ascent Aviation Group, Inc.
BY: <a
Cc) Name: V BN RUM
NM_ A4L
BRENDA R. LEEMANN . L]/dots
Notary Public, State of New York TITLE: _sfaclaon
Qualified in Oswego County
No. 01LE6008129
Commission Expires: June 8, 2014
9


ee ae aa Ra a
: Se Ry ee
g Boe i |e eee
: ; ue Cio NS "SOs ee ee
aoe ag ae BS PE Sh) FS ee
ey a Oe a ee
renee Fic eee OREN ae : s coe a ag = ae
. ge ees FS Re eae
: ee See ey
2 e Bs ES Sg ners ae nae es
= a
pa TES OSS Se Pe Pgs at Res Care! NO aaa oe Canin pire
i Coker as > eee eis aes Gk. ci Rogie mci ry 5 eae geen veer ra
a : s en iy cape Shek eee Vg a at ee aoe Pw Se igo e Ne Ba" eee
eee ses f Kee ROE gate le RS Pi koe Reba a ite a
ce SOS oa PS oy ar ROE PS NS
er ON a
BO eo eo el er ae i
es Re ee Ascent 4
BO ee Ee Ade Aviation |
. er fe Bs b |
Pee ei Pio iss . iy Se ilies Glycol ae
eee ees FP ta. ArT 4
eer pe Facilities Cee
: oe au i Be, , i Pree SSE Po em ay ae
: eer i Re oe ea ee Lae
zat ae : ae Bota aay See eek ote 7
a & o ee eee ee Nee j ee oe ee ay ned
Oe i ee ee eee
Otic Cae oa Shae aad ne seen) HG Ree ORS Ue ce ane a ee
Oe Pe se a Pa ee
ene re : oes : Bin Bee Pe Pig BIR aoe
% he os : bee eee
ee +f = Rang ete : ae a a ae Pe Bibs : oo e a
Pe ASOF January 14, 201 a oe ee ey
Brose eeetea i ie Se ey . tiny cree RR RT, pcan Biwi
ws Exhibit A » |
pe Nashville International Airport (BNA) \
0 15 30
a a |
SCALE IN FEET y7 | Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority” q ‘
