Docusign Envelope ID: 897A1583-6A69-471A-90FD-13930903DF1A
APPROVED
A-48028
X
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 897A1583-6A69-471A-90FD-13930903DF1A
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 897A1583-6A69-471A-90FD-13930903DF1A
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 897A1583-6A69-471A-90FD-13930903DF1A
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 897A1583-6A69-471A-90FD-13930903DF1A
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 897A1583-6A69-471A-90FD-13930903DF1A
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 897A1583-6A69-471A-90FD-13930903DF1A
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 897A1583-6A69-471A-90FD-13930903DF1A
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 897A1583-6A69-471A-90FD-13930903DF1A
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 897A1583-6A69-471A-90FD-13930903DF1A
ARCHIVE


1 
 
 
 
 
Nashville Farmers’ Market  
Grow Local Commissary Member Handbook 
 
Updated July 2024 
 
 
Overview: The Grow Local Commissary (GLC) is a brand new, rentable shared kitchen space built to 
help support farmers, bakers, food artisans and more in crafting value added products that, in turn, 
strengthen the local supply chain and provide diversified revenue streams for those small, local 
businesses. Overlooking the outdoor farm sheds on the south side of the indoor market house building, 
our commissary kitchen offers a space to make the products you can then sell at the Nashville Farmers’ 
Market. With state-of-the-art commercial equipment and ample prep space, the GLC can help turn your 
food business dreams into reality. 
 
About the Nashville Farmers' Market: The market operates daily as a retail hub and small business 
incubation center for farmers, artisans, and small businesses that desire to serve the region. The market 
is located on a 12-acre property in the urban core of Nashville, within walking distance of many local 
neighborhoods, including Germantown, Salemtown, the Gulch and the downtown district. The public 
facility includes two outdoor sheds, a garden center, and a food hall with roughly 25 diverse dining 
options and retail stores. 
 
Mission statement: Curating an inclusive destination marketplace that fosters a connection between our 
community and the farmers, foods, and artisans who contribute to our food system.   
 
Table of contents 
 
Application, approval and rates - page 2 
Staff, services and equipment - page 3 
Before your first shift - page 4 
During your shift - page 5 
After your shift - page 8 
Closing checklist - page 10 
Appendix - page 11 
 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 897A1583-6A69-471A-90FD-13930903DF1A
ARCHIVE


2 
 
Application, approval and rates 
 
How to apply: To join our community of commissary members, complete the following steps: 
 
1. Read this handbook in full before applying. 
2. Go to the GLC application online, fill out all fields and submit. 
3. Create a “food business” account or login to your existing account on TheFoodCorridor.com. 
For more information on how The Food Corridor works, please watch this brief user tutorial. 
4. Fill in your business info and select “Grow Local at Nashville Farmers’ Market” as your kitchen. 
5. Submit current copies of required documents via the Food Corridor: 
o 
Business license (Metro Nashville County Clerk’s Office, $15) 
o 
Sales & Use Tax Certificate (TN Dept. of Revenue, free) 
o 
Proof of Liability Insurance Certificate (minimum $1 million coverage with the following 
added as an additionally insured certificate holder: 
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County 
Metro Courthouse, Suite 108 
Nashville, TN 37201 
o 
ServSafe Certificate or Metro Nashville Health Dept. Food Safety Training Certificate 
o 
List of allergens 
6. Select payment method via The Food Corridor (credit / debit or ACH). 
7. Schedule an onboarding meeting with the Program Manager and pay your onboarding fee. 
 
Approval: The purpose of the Grow Local Commissary is to help developing food businesses prepare, 
produce and manufacture their products by offering a fully-equipped commissary kitchen filled with the 
tools they need to make their goods to scale with low-cost overhead fees. In order to showcase the work 
happening in the GLC, Nashville Farmers’ Market management will prioritize applications of businesses 
that currently sell or plan to sell using one of Nashville Farmers’ Market’s many retail options.  
 
Applicants may be asked to provide additional information, documentation or samples before approval. 
Approval is done at the sole discretion of Nashville Farmers’ Market’s management, taking in 
consideration factors including: anticipated schedule, product line (including use of allergens), equipment 
needed, shift readiness, and history of policy adherence/account status (for returning members). 
 
Rates  
 
Hourly rental rate for 1 station (2-hour min.) 
$25 / hour 
Monthly option A 
$800 / month (40 hours prepaid) 
Monthly option B 
$1440 / month (80 hours prepaid) 
Onboarding fee (one-time) 
$100 
Market house event rental of GLC 
$150 / hour 
Dry storage rental (per shelf) 
$25 / month 
Cold storage rental (per speed rack) 
$100 / month 
Freezer storage rental (per speed rack) 
$100 / month 
Equipment / property damage fee 
$100 / occurrence (minimum) 
Insufficient cleaning fee (see cleaning checklist) 
$100 / occurrence 
Policy violation fee 
$50 / occurrence 
Mobile food unit servicing fee 
$150 / month 
Specialty equipment reservation fee 
Blast chiller ($10 / hr), combi oven ($10 / hr), 
vacuum sealer ($5 / hr), label printer ($5 / hr), 
dough sheeter ($5 / hr) 
Docusign Envelope ID: 897A1583-6A69-471A-90FD-13930903DF1A
ARCHIVE


3 
 
 
Staff, services and equipment 
 
Nashville Farmers’ Market management: Market management is responsible for administering and 
enforcing all Market rules, policies and procedures, as well as ensuring public safety, scheduling 
commissary use, approving commissary members, hosting demonstrations/workshops and managing 
market events and festivals. Market management is instructed to handle and resolve any issues that may 
arise, and all market staff members have authority to resolve issues in a civil and efficient manner. 
 
● 
Heather Hoch, Program Manager: heather.hoch@nashville.gov, (615) 922-8881 
● 
Darrell Lane, Executive Director: darrell.lane@nashville.gov  
● 
Charles Kizer, Facilities Manager: charles.kizer@nashville.gov  
● 
David Griffin, Finance Manager: david.griffin@nashville.gov  
● 
Courtney Cotton, Marketing Manager: courtney.cotton@nashville.gov  
● 
Yolanda Manning, Farmers’ Market Manager: yolanda.manning@nashville.gov  
● 
David Hornbeck, Facilities Coordinator: david.hornbeck@nashville.gov 
 
Security: Security personnel are on-site for the overall safety and security of the market. While the GLC 
will be open 24/7, only authorized persons will be permitted to enter after regular business hours, which 
are daily between the hours of 8 p.m. and 8 a.m. Call 911 if there is a medical emergency. If you need to 
report a safety or security concern, please contact a member of the security team immediately at  
(615) 710-3578. 
 
Although the market  has on-site security 24/7, securing individual property, including merchandise, is the 
sole responsibility of each commissary member. If you believe something has been stolen from you 
during your shift, it is up to you to file a police report if you believe the theft warrants it. 
 
Janitorial services: Janitorial services are contracted to provide cleaning and sanitation of common 
areas, restrooms, waste receptacles and grounds. If there is a janitorial issue in common areas, please 
contact market management or security personnel to report the issue immediately. However, cleaning of 
GLC stations, equipment and small wares is the sole responsibility of the commissary member who uses 
them. Please see pages 10 - 11 for a full explanation of cleaning and closing expectations. 
 
Marketing: Your business may be featured in Nashville Farmers’ Market promotions. Commissary 
members agree to allow photo and video recording of their businesses operating in the commissary for 
promotional purposes. In order to increase the likelihood of being included in the market’s promotions, 
commissary members may tag Nashville Farmers’ Market on any Instagram or Facebook so that we may 
reshare your promotions with our expansive follower base. 
 
Food service equipment: The GLC is equipped with many pieces of specialized appliances and 
equipment that aid in large-scale food preparation and production. All equipment in the commissary is 
electric. For a full list of equipment and corresponding rental rates, click here.  
 
Commissary members must book the equipment needed for their shift before they arrive to ensure it is 
available. Certain pieces of specialty equipment carry additional fees for use, as outlined in the rates 
section (page 2). It is recommended that you only book equipment for the time period you will be using it, 
rather than your entire shift, in order to minimize rental costs and ensure other commissary members 
have access to equipment as needed. You may only rent a maximum of three pieces of 
equipment/appliances at one time. 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 897A1583-6A69-471A-90FD-13930903DF1A
ARCHIVE


4 
 
Before your first shift 
 
Onboarding:  Once your application is reviewed and you are approved as a client of Grow Local at 
Nashville Farmers’ Market, you will be contacted to schedule a meeting with the market’s Program 
Manager and prompted to pay your onboarding fee. During the onboarding meeting, you will discuss 
expectations for use of the commissary, participate in relevant equipment tutorials and sign your 
agreement in preparation for your first shift. Please come prepared with questions you may have about 
the Grow Local Commissary, as well as your required documents. You will also be assigned a “suite 
number” for use on any FDA or other relevant regulatory permits. However, you should not send any 
other mail to the Market directly, but instead use your personal, business or PO Box address for that 
purpose. After onboarding, you are free to schedule your first shifts. 
 
Agreement: While onboarding, new commissary members will sign a commissary agreement during the 
scheduled onboarding meeting. A valid, government-issued photo ID is required to sign the agreement. 
Agreements must be signed before accessing the commissary as a rental. New agreements will be 
signed annually at the end of each year for the following calendar year.  
 
Scheduling and stations: The Grow Local Commissary uses The Food Corridor as a platform to 
schedule and invoice its clients. Using The Food Corridor booking tutorial, you can learn the process 
of booking shifts at your convenience in the commissary. The commissary is open 24 hours a day, 7 days 
a week - except holidays blocked off in the reservation system. Booking is available up to two months in 
advance with a minimum 2-hour booking period. Scheduling can be denied at the sole discretion of NFM 
management based on adherence to commissary policies and protocol. Again, any equipment you wish 
to reserve must be booked in advance of your shift to ensure its availability to you. Booking can occur in 
any of the six commissary stations, all of which have two stainless steel prep tables and trash receptacles 
for refuse, recycling and compost: 
 
● 
Station A: Meat Grinder, Meat Slicer 
● 
Station B: Vacuum Sealer*, Label Maker* 
● 
Station C: Buffalo Chopper, Salad Spinner, Basin Sink 
● 
Station D: Double-Stack Convection Oven, Stand Mixer, Dough Sheeter* 
● 
Station E: Tilt Skillet, Stream Kettle 
● 
Station F: Blast Chiller*, Combi Oven* 
 
 *Specialty equipment subject to additional fees per hour of use. 
 
Monthly rates: Monthly options A and B offer GLC members the opportunity to receive discounted rates 
for a set number of prepaid kitchen station rental hours. Hours purchased for a month do not roll over and 
must be used within the calendar month. Any hours booked in excess of those purchased hours will carry 
the regular hourly rental rate of $25 / hour. These rates are only for hourly station rentals, and any 
storage, specialty equipment and other specific fees will still apply. You must give 30-days notice to 
cancel a membership.  
 
Payment: Commissary members are expected to make regular payment via The Food Corridor. All 
monthly fee structures (such as storage) will be invoiced on the 5th of the month for that month’s rentals. 
Regular shifts in the commissary are subject to the hourly rate and due at midnight following their 
completed shift. It is each member’s responsibility to remain in good standing. Any past due payments 
carried into a new month are subject to late fee charges ($50/occurrence) and can result in suspension of 
rentals upon repeated offense. Members who use the commissary prior to or after their scheduled shift 
will be charged the hourly rate for each unauthorized hour of use and will also be subject to the 
Docusign Envelope ID: 897A1583-6A69-471A-90FD-13930903DF1A
ARCHIVE


5 
 
disciplinary actions set forth in Section 13(b) of the GLC member agreement. Hourly rates are not 
prorated. 
 
Commissary members may pay via credit/debit card or ACH by selecting their preferred payment method 
on their Food Corridor account. The payment method on file will be automatically billed on the invoice 
date via Stripe as a secure payment. You will see the charge on your payment account as “Nashville 
Farmers-Grow.” In-person payments will not be accepted. Rejected payments are considered a policy 
violation and must be paid in full before resuming future scheduled shifts. Unpaid balances in excess of 
60 days may result in a cancellation of any future shifts, as well as submission to Metro’s payment 
collections department. 
 
Reservation cancellation, no-shows and refund requests: Upon booking of the commissary member’s 
scheduled shifts, the member accepts responsibility for each shift. Shifts may be amended or canceled by 
written request to market management 72 hours in advance of the shift. Commissary members are 
responsible for all rental fees for bookings canceled less than 72 hours before the shift. Refunds or 
credits will not be provided unless accompanied by a written approval from market management. No 
shows will forfeit rental fees and are subject to immediate cancellation of all future shifts. In the event of a 
family or medical emergency, please contact NFM’s Program Manager as soon as possible to cancel any 
previously scheduled booking. 
 
What to bring: GLC members will have access to any equipment or appliances booked in advance, as 
well as a limited number of small wares detailed on the GLC equipment webpage. In addition to any 
food items and ingredients you source, please be sure to bring any of the following that you may need: 
 
● 
Gloves 
● 
Special tools / small wares 
● 
Specialty small appliances 
● 
Towels / linens / aprons 
● 
Plastic wrap / aluminum foil 
● 
Food storage containers 
● 
Packaging (no Styrofoam)
 
Communication: Market management uses Slack, electronic newsletters and direct communication via 
phone, text and email to communicate to market vendors. You will be expected to respond via these 
modes of communication and may use them to communicate with management and your fellow 
commissary members as needed. Communication on any medium, including in-person communication, is 
always expected to be respectful, courteous and professional. In the event of a serious emergency, you 
should always contact 911. However, for less severe incidents, you may contact market management 
during regular business hours or the market’s security team for immediate after-hours assistance.  
 
During your shift 
 
Hours: GLC members may only access the commissary during the hours of their scheduled shift. 
Commissary members should factor in the time necessary to clean their station and store their items into 
booking times. Failure to properly clean the commissary and reset it for the next shift will result in fines 
and further action. Although the commissary is open 24/7 (except holidays), you will need to contact 
security to access the premises for late night or early morning shifts between 8 p.m. and 8 a.m. 
 
Check in: You must check in to each shift via The Food Corridor before beginning your rental period 
using your account pin, which is available on your login page. 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 897A1583-6A69-471A-90FD-13930903DF1A
ARCHIVE


6 
 
Loading / parking: GLC members may pull into the iron gated area between the Market House and Farm 
Sheds to load in and load out, except from 9 a.m. - 2 p.m. on Saturday and Sunday. After market hours (8 
p.m. - 8 a.m.) shifts require assistance from security to access gated / locked market areas. While 
loading, you may briefly park alongside the Market House using hazard lights to signify temporary 
parking. Vehicles must be re-parked before the loading window ends. Improperly parked vehicles are 
subject to tow at the owner’s expense.  
 
GLC members may park only in the main Nashville Farmers’ Market lot during their scheduled shift. This 
lot is located along Rosa L. Parks Boulevard, southwest of the market house building and directly next to 
the outdoor farm sheds. GLC members are not permitted to park in the lot between the market and the 
TN State Museum or any of the 2-hour parking spaces off 7th Avenue. For weekend rentals, we require all 
vendors and commissary members to park in the state employee parking lots. 
 
Accessing the Commissary: The GLC is accessible during your rented shifts via the east and west 
doors. You will be assigned a door code to access the commissary. Your assigned code is subject to 
change as needed to maintain the security of the commissary. The south door must remain closed and 
locked at all times. However, the roll-up garage door may be opened for a limited amount of time under 
direct supervision while loading or receiving deliveries occurs.  
 
Once inside, you may use the lockers located on the south side of the commissary to store personal 
items. Each locker letter corresponds to your rented station letter, so you may only use the locker(s) that 
corresponds to the station(s) you’ve rented. 
 
Products: The Grow Local Commissary has the equipment necessary to produce a wide variety of 
artisan food goods. In order to remain in good standing with the Tennessee Department of Agriculture, 
Food & Drug Administration and US Department of Agriculture, you will be asked to list the products you 
plan to make in the commissary on your application. In order to complete the application process, you will 
also create a comprehensive list of potential allergens that your products may contain. Please review the 
nine major food allergens before submitting this document.  
 
Food safety: All food preparation must be done in a permitted kitchen and any items prepared in a home 
kitchen will not be allowed in the commissary or storage areas. Commissary members are required to 
prepare and manufacture food items in accordance with all TDA and FDA rules and regulations. Hot 
foods must be kept hot and cold foods kept cold for the entirety of your shift. Foods may not be allowed to 
enter the “temperature danger zone” (between 135°F and 40°F). Since food is produced in large 
quantities in the commissary, serious attention to potential points of cross contamination or other food 
safety concerns is vital.  
 
Wash your hands regularly and use gloves when handling ready-to-eat foods. Maintain good personal 
hygiene and a sanitary work environment. All commissary members must wear closed-toed, non-slip 
shoes and have their hair tied back and covered at all times. Familiarize yourself with the commissary 
binders in the space, which can assist you in the event of an inspection. Know where sanitizer test strips 
are and how to use them. While the Grow Local Commissary maintains its own operational permits, you 
will also be inspected for your operations and it is your responsibility to remain in good standing with the 
relevant permitting authorities. Those found in serious violation of commissary and/or food safety protocol 
will not be allowed to use the shared commissary or its storage areas. Please review TDA’s Food Safety 
Guide before applying. 
 
Use of small wares: The commissary has a limited supply of certain types of small wares available for 
use during your shift. These include, but are not limited to, rubber spatulas, whisks, strainers, etc. These 
items are primarily located on the commissary pegboard and storage shelves on the southwest corner of 
the space. Since the commissary is a shared space, please be mindful of your fellow commissary 
members and only use small wares while you need them for production. Once finished with any piece, 
clean it and put it away in a timely manner in order to ensure availability for all commissary members. 
Docusign Envelope ID: 897A1583-6A69-471A-90FD-13930903DF1A
ARCHIVE


7 
 
 
Personnel: Each commissary member assumes full responsibility for anyone they allow to access the 
commissary. As such, it is vital that your personnel are properly trained in both commissary operations 
and its overall culture. Additionally, you should never allow anyone access that you do not know or vouch 
for, as they will be considered your responsibility once inside. It is highly recommended that you, as the 
business owner, employ a “first in/last out” procedure for yourself for every shift. 
 
Storage: A limited amount of on-site storage options 
are available for commissary members. Dry, cold and 
freezer storage is available for monthly rental by the 
shelf. Any food products/ingredients that you use to 
manufacture or prepare goods in the Grow Local 
Commissary must be stored on-site and may not be 
stored in homes or other off-site locations. All items 
stored in dry storage areas must be stored in food 
storage containers and may not be stored in bags, 
boxes or other vulnerable packaging that may attract 
pests. All items stored in cold storage areas are 
subject to regular cold storage standards. Please 
contact the Program Manager to reserve storage 
space. 
 
Deliveries: In order to receive deliveries, the business 
owner or a representative must be on-site to inventory 
and properly store their order. Deliveries should be 
received as they arrive at the north entrance only, 
which is nearest to the storage areas and does not 
have restricted access at any time. Deliveries should 
only be sent to the market if they are comprised of 
items directly associated with the products you 
manufacture on-site, and if you have sufficient storage 
for those items.  
 
Garbage / refuse: The Nashville Farmers’ Market 
offers recycling, compost and landfill waste collection 
at the on-premises waste center. Each commissary 
member is responsible for the three bins at their reserved station and may not use other receptacles in 
the commissary area. All recycling, compost and garbage must be removed from the GLC and placed in 
the appropriate dumpsters at the end of each day. To keep the Market area clean and presentable for 
customers, commissary members must break down boxes, store trash in an orderly manner and bring 
any excessive refuse to the waste center throughout their shifts as needed.  
 
Cameras: The commissary is equipped with several cameras in order to help support the safety of 
commissary members and food prepared in the space. The cameras may also be used in the event of 
damage to equipment, missing items or shift overages. Market management is solely responsible for 
accessing and reviewing commissary camera footage. 
 
Alcoholic beverages and other controlled substances: Sale and consumption of alcoholic beverages, 
including beer, wine and liquor, is prohibited in the Grow Local Commissary, except with written 
permission from market management and proper permitting. No illegal substances shall be consumed, 
kept, bought, or sold in any rental space or other market locations. Smoking and vaping are prohibited on 
market grounds (inside the iron gates, patio areas, garden center, farm sheds and market house).  
 
Rules of conduct: Nashville Farmers’ Market  management expects all commissary members and their 
staff to conduct themselves in a manner that contributes to a positive experience for vendors, staff and 
Docusign Envelope ID: 897A1583-6A69-471A-90FD-13930903DF1A
ARCHIVE


8 
 
guests. Children and pets are not allowed in the GLC area. Work directly with your fellow commissary 
members to ensure a friendly, courteous and supportive working environment and interact with them in a 
calm and respectful manner to resolve disagreements and misunderstandings. Although the market 
management is available to assist in the event of serious behavioral infractions, the culture of the GLC is 
one that promotes working as a community to accomplish your goals, which may sometimes mean 
discussing how to work positively with one another. Inappropriate conduct or language toward other 
vendors, customers, or management - whether in person or by electronic media - will not be tolerated and 
may be grounds for immediate termination of the GLC member agreement and dismissal from the market.  
 
Harassment-free workplace: The following is applicable to all vendors and their staff, market staff, 
service providers and board members. Nashville Farmers’ Market is committed to a work environment in 
which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Everyone has the right to work in a professional 
atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory 
practices including harassment. Therefore, the market expects that all relationships among persons in the 
office and markets will be businesslike and free of bias, prejudice and harassment. It is the policy of the 
market to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of 
race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, immigration status, age, 
disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty or status as a covered veteran.Nashville Farmers’ 
Market  prohibits any such discrimination or harassment. Anyone who experiences harassment is 
encouraged to report the incident to market  management. Any vendor found to be violating this policy is 
subject to possible suspension or expulsion from the market. Please see the appendix on page 11 for a 
full definition of harassment. 
 
After your shift  
 
Cleaning: Market management expects Grow Local Commissary members to clean as they go during a 
shift to maintain a tidy and sanitary commissary environment throughout the day. The GLC and its 
members are subject to inspection from TDA or the USDA depending on their products, so members 
must operate in an organized, clean way that is conducive to maintaining active permits. 
 
From counters to floors, equipment and appliances, inside fridges and in the dish area, members must 
leave the commissary in a clean and rentable state. All market-owned small wares and equipment must 
be cleaned and put away from where they were originally sourced. All surfaces must be free of food 
debris, cleaned, rinsed and then sanitized in order to be considered fully cleaned. The cleaning chemical 
cage must remain closed unless being accessed for replenishment. The reach-in fridge in the commissary 
area must be completely empty and wiped down of food debris before the end of each shift with all items 
shifted back into storage. Storage of any personal or business items in the GLC is strictly prohibited 
without written approval from market management. Items left in the GLC are subject to removal and 
disposal. Remember: this is a shared commissary space so you should leave it in a condition that is 
respectful of the next small business owner using the space and conducive to their success. A full 
checklist of cleaning expectations is available on page 10. You can also find laminated copies of this 
checklist on every station in the commissary. 
 
Dish area: The dish area is a shared space among all commissary members that are renting the 
commissary at any given time. Being such, it is your responsibility to use the space in an efficient, clean 
and organized manner. You must completely clean, dry and put away any dishes before returning to other 
tasks to ensure the space is ready for the next member. The sinks and dishwashers must be completely 
cleaned and free of food debris before you leave the area. The mop sink must be free of debris or refuse, 
and the mop bucket must be emptied and rinsed after each use. 
 
Chemical use: The Nashville Farmers’ Market provides all cleaning supplies and equipment needed to 
maintain a safe, healthy and appealing cooking environment, including: 
Docusign Envelope ID: 897A1583-6A69-471A-90FD-13930903DF1A
ARCHIVE


9 
 
● 
Scouring pads / 
sponges 
● 
Paper towels 
● 
Hand soap 
● 
Dish detergent 
● 
Sanitizer 
● 
Dish machine 
detergent 
● 
Floor cleaner 
● 
All-purpose cleaner 
● 
Degreaser 
● 
Stainless steel polish 
● 
Squeegee 
● 
Mop and mop bucket 
● 
Broom and dust pan 
● 
Trash cans with 
liners 
● 
Sanitizer test strips
 
 
 
All chemicals are approved for use in a commissary space and have inspected and approved safety data 
sheets in the commissary binder. These chemicals are highly-concentrated and are therefore only safe 
for use when hooked up to their proper dispenser, which is calibrated for proper dilution. As such, free 
pouring chemicals directly out of a bottle constitutes a policy violation. However, it may also cause your 
entire batch of food to be considered not food safe. Please use chemicals only as directed. If you are 
unfamiliar with any commissary chemicals, please let the Program Manager know.  
 
Incomplete cleaning and damaged property: Failure to properly clean the commissary and reset it for 
the next renter will result in a cleaning fee of $100. Multiple cleaning-related violations will result in 
suspension or cancellation of all future shifts. If equipment, small wares, tools or any other market 
property is damaged during your shift, you must alert the markets Program Manager immediately. 
Damage to GLC equipment or market property will result in a minimum $100 fee per occurrence. 
However, if the equipment and/or property is damaged to the point of needing serious repair or being 
inoperable for an extended period of time, commissary members will be charged the cost or repair or 
replacement and may be subject to suspension and/or termination of GLC agreement and scheduled 
shifts. While accidents do happen, please work in a way that ensures a clean and functional environment 
for the other members of this shared commissary space. By being attentive and considerate, you will help 
support the culture of this community space. If you are concerned with the state of the commissary, 
equipment or its cleanliness from the previous user, please contact the Program Manager immediately. 
Photo documentation of any issues reported will be required.  
 
Check out: At the end of each shift, you must check out via The Food Corridor. When checking out of 
your completed shift on The Food Corridor, you may enter notes regarding equipment issues, 
commissary cleanliness or other information related to your time renting the GLC. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 897A1583-6A69-471A-90FD-13930903DF1A
ARCHIVE


10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Closing checklist 
 
___ Wash / sanitize all dishes, cooking implements and tools 
___ Empty dish machine 
___ Put away all dishes / cooking tools 
___ Clean, rinse and sanitize your rented equipment/appliance 
___ Wipe down/sanitize equipment surfaces, including equipment doors and handles 
___ Clean, rinse and sanitize any food-contact surfaces (i.e. prep tables) 
___ Empty and wipe down in-commissary fridges if used 
___ Empty and wipe down all metro shelves and speed racks used 
___ Clean floor mats 
___ Sweep entire station, including under equipment 
___ Mop entire commissary station, including under equipment 
___ Clean all sinks, including hand sink, dish sink and mop sink 
___ Sweep/mop dish area floor space 
___ Take trash, recycling and compost to waste disposal center (outside the market house) 
___ Check that all heating equipment is off 
___ Turn hood off if used at your station 
___ Check that all personal/business belongings/products/merchandise have been removed from the 
GLC commissary area (including inside ovens, fridges, freezers, cabinets and the dish machine) and 
placed in proper, rented storage areas. 
___ Return all cleaning tools and chemicals to proper areas (dish area/storage cage) 
___ Be sure the commissary door is closed and locked behind you 
___ Sign out of your shift on The Food Corridor, including any notes relevant to maintenance 
 
 
________________________________  
 
 
________________________________  
GLC member name (printed) 
 
 
 
 
Business name 
 
 
________________________________  
 
 
_____ / _____ / _____ 
GLC member signature  
 
 
 
 
Date 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 897A1583-6A69-471A-90FD-13930903DF1A
ARCHIVE


11 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Appendix 
 
Definitions of harassment: 
 
Sexual harassment constitutes discrimination and is illegal under federal, state and local laws. For the 
purposes of this policy, sexual harassment is defined, as in the Equal Employment Opportunity 
Commission Guidelines, as unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors and other verbal or 
physical conduct of a sexual nature when, for example: 
 
A) Submission to such conduct is made either explicitly or implicitly a term or condition of an individual's 
employment 
B) Submission to or rejection of such conduct by an individual is used as the basis for employment 
decisions affecting such individuals 
C) Such conduct has the purpose or effect of unreasonably interfering with an individual's work 
performance or creating an intimidating, hostile or offensive working environment. 
 
Sexual harassment may include a range of subtle and not-so-subtle behaviors and may involve 
individuals of the same or different genders. Depending on the circumstances, these behaviors may 
include unwanted sexual advances or requests for sexual favors; sexual jokes and innuendo; verbal 
abuse of a sexual nature; commentary about an individual's body, sexual prowess or sexual deficiencies; 
leering, whistling or touching; insulting or obscene comments or gestures; display in the workplace of 
sexually suggestive objects or pictures; and other physical, verbal or visual conduct of a sexual nature. 
  
Harassment on the basis of any other protected characteristic is also strictly prohibited. Under this policy, 
harassment is verbal, written or physical conduct that denigrates or shows hostility or aversion toward an 
individual because of their race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, immigration 
status or citizenship, age, disability, marital status, genetic information, veteran status, or any other 
characteristic protected by law or that of their relatives, friends or associates, and that: a) has the purpose 
or effect of creating an intimidating, hostile or offensive work environment; b) has the purpose or effect of 
unreasonably interfering with an individual's work performance; or c) otherwise adversely affects an 
individual's employment opportunities.  
 
Harassing conduct includes epithets, slurs or negative stereotyping; threatening, intimidating or hostile 
acts; denigrating jokes; and written or graphic material that denigrates or shows hostility or aversion 
toward an individual or group and that is placed on walls or elsewhere on the employer's premises or 
circulated in the workplace, on company time or using company equipment via email, phone (including 
voice messages), text messages, tweets, blogs, social networking sites or other means.  
 
These policies apply to all applicants’ employees and off-site markets where the Nashville Farmers' 
Market operates, whether related to conduct engaged in by fellow employees or someone not directly 
connected to the Nashville Farmers' Market (e.g., an outside vendor, consultant or customer). Conduct 
prohibited by these policies is unacceptable in the workplace and in any work-related setting outside the 
workplace, such as during business trips, business meetings and business-related social events. 
Docusign Envelope ID: 897A1583-6A69-471A-90FD-13930903DF1A
ARCHIVE
