' “ ue Be
| A-\-3¢)
CLASS VIII -'TAXICAB OPERATOR apr. 7 20M
COMMERCIAL GROUND TRANSPORTATION PERNUY ROPOLITAN
CLERK

THIS PERMIT FOR COMMERCIAL GROUND TRANSPORTATION (the “Agreement”) is entered
into as of this Ist dayof_ July , 2011, by and between METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE AIRPORT
AUTHORITY, a public corporation created pursuant to ‘Icnnessee Code Annotated Sections 42-4-101, ef. seq., (the
“Authority”), and Taxi USA of Tennessee , 2 company licensed to do business in the State of
‘Tennessee (the “Operator’).

WHEREAS, Authority is the owner and operator of the Nashville International Airport (the “Airport”) in
Nashville, Tennessee; and

WHEREAS, Operator desires to operate a commercial ground transportation business at the Airport; and

WIIEREAS, Authority has agreed to allow Operator to conduct its business at the Airport subject to the terms
of this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and other good
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Authority and Operator
hereby agree as follows:

L. Policy. his Agreement is subject in all respects to the terms and conditions of the Commercial
Ground Transportation Policy of Authority as in effect on the date of this Agreement and as it is amended and modified
from time to time. For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Policy” shall mean such Commercial Ground

. ‘Transportation Policy of Authority and all amcndments and modifications thereto from time to time. Operator hereby
acknowledges reccipt of a copy of the Policy as in effect on the date of this Agreement. Capitalized terms not otherwise
defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Policy,

2. Permit. Subject to the terms of the Policy and this Agreement, Authority hereby grants a revocable,
non-exclusive Permit to Operator for the following Commercial Ground Transportation Operator classification:

CLASS VIII — TAXICAB OPERATOR

(a) During the term of this Agreement, Operator shall have a non-exclusive, revocable license solely to
(i) operate Taxicabs that transport passengers from the Airport; (ii) to use common-use Airport roadways for ingress
and egress. subject to the Policy and other Applicable Laws; (iii) to park in the Holding Areas and Commercial
Loading Zones designated by Authority for use by Taxicabs on the ground transportation level of the ‘I'crmina! while
waiting for patrons; and (iv) to unload patrons on the passenger departing level of the Terminal.

(b) Operator's Taxicabs may only park in areas designated by Authority for use by Taxicabs to wait for
passengers and in the event any such area or zone is full, a Taxicab must immediately exit the Airport. Authonity shall
have the unconditional right to add, delete or change the Holding Areas and Commercial Loading Zoncs designated for
use by Taxicabs as the Authority may in its sole discretion deem necessary or desirable. The maximum number of
spaces allocated to Operator in the Holding Areas and Commercial Loading Zones designated by Authority for use by
Taxicabs at any onc time is fourteen, (14). Authority may reallocate the spaces on an annual basis or
with the deletion and/or addition of new operators.

(c) A “first in-first out” procedure will be followed in parking in a [lolding Area designated by Authority
for use by Taxicabs and in loading passengers in a Commercial Loading Zone designated by Authority for use by
faxicabs, The “first in-first out” procedure of loading passengers may, however, be modified in the sole discretion of
Authority to accommodate specific passenger requests, excluding requests relating to rate only. Operator shall not
refuse or neglect to transport any orderly passenger or to provide information directing passengers to other commercial
ground transportation operators while in the “first-out” position, All passengers requesting information concerning
commercial ground transportation operators should be directed to the customer service representative at the Airport. No
Driver of Operator shall unduly block or delay or otherwise interfere with normal progress of other Taxicabs waiting ina
Holding Arca or Commercial Ioading Zone designated by Authority for use by Taxicabs.


(d) Except with the prior written approval of Authority, ‘Vaxi Operators shall not load and/or unload
passengers on the arriving level of the Terminal.

(e) Authority shall issue to Operator one Decal per Taxicab, as specified in Operator’s approved
application for this Agreement. The Decal shall be a visual indicator and control device installed by Authority
designating that such Taxicab is authorized by Authority to operate at the Airport. A Decal must be permanently
affixed to the right rear bumper of each Taxicab of Operator that operates at the Airport. Each Decal shall be and
remain the property of Authority, and removal of a Decal from the Taxicab to which it was originally affixed or the
transfer of a Decal to any other vehicle shall result in the immediate termination of this Agreement without further
notice, opportunity to cure or other process whatsoever. {n the event that Operator discontinues using a Taxicab
bearing a Decal belonging to the Airport, Operator shall present such Taxicab to Authority so that Authority may
remove the Decal from such Taxicab. Until a Decal is removed from a Taxicab of Operator, Operator shall continue
to be responsible for fees payable with respect to such Taxicab under the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

(f) Additionally, Authority shall issue to Operator one AVI Transponder Tag per Taxicab of Operator,
as specified in Operator's approved application for this Agreement. The AVI Transponder Tag shall be a control
device installed by Authority on each Taxicab of Operator for the purpose of recording Trip activity of each Taxicab
operated at the Airport. Zach AVI Transponder Tag shall be and remain the property of Authority, and removal of an
AVI Transponder Tag from the Taxicab to which it was originally affixed or the transfer of an AVI Transponder Tag
to any other vehicle may result in the immediate termination of this Agreement without further notice, opportunity to
cure or other process whatsoever. [In the event that Operator discontinues using a Taxicab bearing an AVI
Transponder Tag belonging to the Airport, Operator shall present such Vehicle to Authority so that Authority may
remove the AVI Transponder Tag from such Vehicle. Until an AVI Transponder Tag is removed from a Taxicab of
Operator, Operator shall continue to be responsible for fees payable with respect to such Taxicab under the terms and
conditions of this Agreement.

(g) Operator shall immediately report to Authority all changes, additions or deletions in its flect of
Taxicab, including vehicle length, width, seats, color, make, model, year, license tag number and vehicle

| identification number (VIN).
;

(h) Each Driver of Operator must electronically accept all major credit cards and shall not refuse or reject
an airline charge voucher for payment of fares to and from the Airport.

@ Each Driver of Operator shall remain with his or her Vaxicab while waiting in a Holding Area or
Commercial I oading Zone designated by Authority for use by Taxicabs, unless assisting with the loading or unloading
of passengers or utilizing comfort facilities in the Holding Arca designated by Authority for use by ‘Taxicabs. Each
Driver of Operator shall not permit any other person, except individuals hiring his or her ‘Taxicab, to occupy or ride in
the Taxicab unless such person is undergoing training to become a licensed Driver, in which event such traince shall not
be permitted to ride in the Taxicab for a period exceeding three (3) consecutive days.

@) To improve Taxicab operations and provide a high level of customer service at the Airport, Operator
agrees that its Drivers shall attend, not less than twice annually, mandatory training classes offered by Authority within a
reasonable time frame to be established by Authority and at no charge to Operator. Failure to comply with this
requirement will result in a loss of a Driver's access to the Airport and/or the loss of spaces allocated to Operator.

(k) Operator agrees to occupy at least fifty percent (50%) of the spaces allocated to Operator in the
Holding Arcas and Commercial Loading Zones designated by Authority for use by Taxicabs at all times between the
hours of 7 a.m. and 10 p.m. daily. If Operator has only one such allocated space, such allocated space must be occupied

at all times during the specified times. Failure to comply with these requirements concerning the occupancy of allocated
spaccs will result in the loss of some or all of Operator’s allotted spaces.

3. Term. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and shall expire on June 30 of
the following year; provided, however, that (i) the term of this Agreement shall be automatically renewed and extended
for an additional one year term commencing on July | of each year unless Authority or Operator shall provide a notice
of non-renewal to the other no later than thirty (30) days prior to the then existing expiration date of the tenn hereof, (ii)
either party may cancel this Agreement upon thirty (30) days prior notice to the other party at any time for any reason;

9
ARCHIVE


(iii) Authority may suspend this Agreement, or may bar the use by Operator of'a particular Driver, agent or employee or
Commercial Vehicle, if Operator, such Driver, agent or employee or such Commercial Vehicle is found to have violated
the Policy, any Applicable I aws (as defined herein) or this Agreement; and (iv) Authority may terminate this Agreement
without forfeiture, waiver or release of Authority’s rights to any sum due or to become due under the provisions of this
Agreement upon default by Operator in the payment of the feces required hereunder or violation by Operator of any of
the other provisions of this Agreement and the failure of Operator to remedy such default or violation within ten (10)
days after notice from Authority to Operator of such default or violation, provided, however, that no such ten (10) day
notice shall be required in those instances in which a provision of this Agreement grants to Authority the right to
terminate this Agreement immediately upon Operator's violation of or failure to comply with the terms hereof.

4. Fees and Charges. Operator agrees to pay Authority all applicable fees and charges set forth in
Appendix F of the Commercial Ground Transportation Policy of Authority incorporated herein by reference and made a
part hereof: provided, however, that the fees and charges sct forth in Appendix F of the Policy are subject to adjustment
in accordance with amendments and modifications to the Policy from time to time. Any adjustment to the fees and
charges due hereunder shall be effective not less than thirty (30) days after notice to Operator from Authority of such
adjustment to the fecs and charges duc hereunder together with a copy of the amendment or modification of the Policy
pursuant to which such adjustment shal! occur.

5. Obligations of Operator. Operator shall comply in all respects with the Policy and all Applicable
Laws (as defined herein). For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Applicable Laws” shall mean all present and future
laws, ordinances, orders, directives, rules, codes, regulations and decrees of federal, state and municipal authoritics and
agencies and their respective agencies, departments, authorities and commissions (individually, a “Goverumental
Authority” and collectively, the “Governmental Authoritics”) and all present and future grant assurances provided by
Authority to any Governmental Authority in connection with Authority’s ownership or operation of the Airport and all
other rules, regulations, policies and procedures of Authority, as the same may be amended, modified or updated from
lime to time. For purposes of this Agreement, “Governmental Authorities” shall specifically include, without limitation,
Authority, The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County. the State of Tennessee, the United States
Department of Transportation, the Federal Aviation Administration (the “FAA") and the Transportation Security

| Administration (the “I'SA”).

6. Assignment; Sub-License. Operator shall not assign or sub-license or otherwise purport to authorize
or allow any other person or entity to exercise, the Permit or its rights granted in this Agreement without the prior written
consent of Authority, which Authority may grant or withhold in its sole discretion.

7. Deposit. As security for Operator's full, faithful and prompt performance of and compliance with all
covenants, terms and conditions of this Agreement, Operator hercby deposits with Authority the sum of

ZERO Dollars ($0.00) (the “Deposit”). In addition to any and all other
remedies available to it under this Agreement or otherwise, Authority shall have the right, at its option at any time and
from time to time, to use the Deposit or any part thereof in whole or partial satisfaction of any of its claims or demands
against Operator and for the payment of attomeys’ fees for the enforcement of any of its claims or demands against
Operator. Authority shall have no obligation to exercise such right, and neither the existence of such night nor the
holding of the Deposit itself shall cure any default or breach on the part of Operator. In the event that Authority shall at
any time or times so use the Deposit or any part thereof, Operator shall, within two (2) days afler demand by Authority,
deposit with Authority additional cash so as to maintain the Deposit at all times at the full amount stated above and all
such additional funds so deposited shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Within thirty
(30) days after the expiration or earlicr termination of this Agreement and upon written request therefor by Operator,
Authority will return the Deposit to Operator, less the amount of any and all unpaid claims and damages of Authority
hereunder. Operator hereby waives any right to any interest which may or could be earned on the Deposit during the
term of the Agreement. Authonty shall have no obligation (o segregate the Deposit from other funds of Authority.

8. Documents Incorporated by Reference. The following documents are incorporated in this
Agreement by reference and made a part hereof as if fully set forth in this Agreement: (1) the Policy, (ii) the application
for this Agreement submitted by Operator, and (iii) all policies of insurance providing the insurance coverages required
under this Agreement (including, without limitation, those required under the Policy).

9, Indemnification. Operator shall protect, defend, indemnify and hold Authority and its
commissioners, officers, and employees harmless from and against any and all suits, losses, costs, claims, damages,
3

ARCHIVE


| .

| demands, penalties, fines, settlements, liabilitics and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees, court costs

| and litigation expenses) arising by reason of the injury to or death of any person or damage to any property of any nature

| whatsoever arising out of or incident to (i) this Agreement, (ii) Operator's performance or exercise of the Permit and

| rights granted under this Agreement, (iii) an intentional act or a negligent act or omission of any of Operator’s Drivers,

| officers, employees, agents, contractors, subcontractors, licensces or invitees regardless of where the injury, death or

| damage may occur, or (iv) the failure of Operator to comply with any Applicable Laws. The provisions of this Section 9

| shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

| 10. Costs of Enforcement. If icgal action is necessary to enforce the terms of this Agrecment,
Operator shall pay all of Authority’s costs incurred in taking such action, including, without limitation, attorncys’
fees.

il. Kavironmental Matters. Operator agrees to comply with all Applicable Laws relating to the
| protection of the environment and the handling and release of any and all substances, chemicals, wastes, sewage or other
materials which are now or hereafter regulated. controlled or prohibited by any Applicable |.aws requiring removal,
| warning or restriction on the use, generation, disposal or transportation thercof, including, without limitation, any

substance defined as a “hazardous substance”, “hazardous material”, “hazardous waste", “toxic substance” or “air
| pollutant”.

12. Insurance. Operator agrees to comply with all requirements of the Policy regarding the
maintenance of insurance coverages. In addition, Operator further agrees that such insurance coverages maintained
pursuant hereto must provide that they will be considered primary insurance as respects any other valid and collectible
insurance which Authority may possess and that any other insurance or self-insured retention of Authority shall be
considered excess insurance only. Authority shall have the right to change the insurance coverages required
hereunder, without cust to Authority, if such changes arc recommended or imposed by Authority's insurers.
Authority also may require a copy of each insurance policy (including the declarations page and any endorsements
thereto) by which Operator provides the insurance coverages required hereunder. If Operator shall at any time fail to
provide any of the insurance coverages required hercunder, Authority may do all things necessary to effect or
maintain such insurance coverage and all amounts expended by it for that purpose shall be repaid by Opcrator to
Authority in the month in which such amounts are paid by Authority. If any insurance coverage required hereunder
cannot be obtained for any reason, Authority may require Operator to cease any and all operations until such
insurance coverage is obtained.

13. General Provisions.

{a) Operator certifies to the best of its knowledge and belief that: (i) no federally or state-appropriated
funds have been paid or will be paid by or on behalf of Operator to any person for influencing or atempting to
influence an officer or employee of any agency of the United States government or a member, officer or employee of
the United States Congress, or an employee of a member of the United States Congress, in connection with the
awarding of any federal contract, the making of any federal grant or loan, the entering into of any cooperative
agreement, or the extension, continuation, renewal, amendment or modification of any federal contract, grant, loan or
cooperative agreement; and (ii) if Operator has compensated or docs compensate any person for influencing or
attempting to influence an officer or employce of any agency of the United States government, a member, officer or
employee of the United States Congress, or any employee of a member of the United States Congress, in connection
with any contract, grant, loan or cooperative agreement, then Operator shall complete and submit to Authority, in
accordance with its instructions, Standard Form LLL, “Disclosure of Lobbying Activities”, and (iii) Operator shail
require that the language of this certification be included in the award documents for all sub-awards at all ticrs
(including subcontracts, sub-grants and contracts under grants, loans and cooperative agreements) and that all sub-
recipients shall certify and make disclosures in accordance with this Section 12(a).

(b) Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to grant Operator any exclusive right or privilege within the
meaning of Section 308 of the Federal Aviation Act of 1958, as amended (the “Fedcral Aviation Act”), for the conduct
of any activity at the Airport, except that, subject to the terms and provisions hereof, Opcrator shall have the right to
operate at the Airport under the provisions of this Agreement.

, (c) This Agreement is subject and subordinate to the provisions of any agreement heretofore or hereafter
made between Authority and any Governmental Authority relative to the operation or maintenance of the Airport, the
4
ARCHIVE


|

| execution of which has been required as a condition precedent to the transfer of federal rights or property to Authority
for Airport purposes, or the expenditure of federal funds for the improvement or development of the Airport, including
the expenditure of federal funds for the development of the Airport in accordance with the provisions of the Fedcral
Aviation Act.

| (d) No waiver of default by either party of any of the terms, covenants or conditions herein to be

performed, kept and observed by the other party shall be construcd as, or shall operate as, a waiver of any subscquent

| default of any of the terms, covenants or conditions herein contained to be performed, kept and observed by the other

| party.

(e) All notices, approvals, consents, demands and other communications required by this Agreement
| must be in writing to be effective and personally delivered or scnt by certified United States Mail, postage prepaid,
or by a recognized delivery service that provides registered and verifiable shipment or airbill tracking and delivery

record, with costs prepaid, to the addresses set forth below:
To Authority: Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer

Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority

Nashville Intemational Airport

One Terminal Drive, Suite 50!

Nashville, Tennessee 37214

With a copy to:

Dircetor of Properties

Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority

Nashville International Airport

One Terminal Drive, Suite 501

Nashville, ‘fennessee 37214

‘To Operator: Mr.: Jim Church & William H, Bodenhamer Jr.

Company: ‘Taxi USA of Tennessee

City: Ft Lauderdale

Strect: 1330 SE 4" Ave #A

State: Florida 33316
‘The person and place to which notices are to be sent may be changed by a party hereto upon written notice to the
other. A notice required or permitted hereunder shall be deemed received on the date that is three (3) calendar days
afier the date on which the notice is deposited in the United States Mail if sent by certified mail, or, if personally
delivered, on the date such personal delivery is made. [f notice is given by a recognized delivery service, then the
notice shall be deemed received by the addressee on the date on which the signature reccipt is recorded by such
recognized delivery service.

() ‘The headings of the several sections of this Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience
and for reference and in no way define, limit or describe the scope or intent of any provisions of this Agreement and
shall not be construed to affect in any manner the terms and provisions hercof or the interpretation or construction
thereof.

(g) If one or more clauses, sections or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be unlawful,
invalid or unenforceable, the parties hercto agree that the material rights of either party hereto shall not be affected
thereby except to the extent of such holding, and this Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid
or unenforceable provision were omitted herefrom.

(h) ‘The partics hereto hereby designate the following as their agents for service of process and will
waive any objection to service of process if served upon its agent as sct forth below:

5
ARCHIVE


‘to Authority: President
Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority
Nashville International Airport
One ferminal Drive, Suite 501
Nashville, Tennessee 37214
To Operator: Mr.: Jim Burrow
Company: l'axi USA of Tennessee
City: Nashville
Street: 1510 Lebanon Pike
State: Tennessee 37210

(i) Operator hereby waives any claim against Authority and its commissioncrs, officers, employces,
agents, servants, representatives, contractors, subcontractors, affiliates, successors and assigns for loss of anticipated
profits caused by any suil or proceedings directly or indirectly attacking the validity of this Agreement or any part
hereof, declaring this Agreement to be null, void or voidable, or delaying the exercise of any rights under this
Agreement. No commissioner, officer, employee or agent of Authonity shall be charged personally or held contractually
liable by or to Operator under the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

it) The parties hereto further covenant and agree that Authority reserves the right to further develop or
improve the Airport as it may sce fit, regardless of the desires or views of Opcrator and without interference or
hindrance,

(k) ° This Agreement is subject and subordinate to the provisions of any agreement heretofore or
hereafter made between Authority and the United States government relative to the operation or maintenance of the
Airport, the execution of which has been required as a condition precedent to the transfer of federal rights or
property to Authority for Airport purposes, or the expenditure of federal funds for the improvement or development
of the Airport, including the expenditure of federal funds for the development of the Airport in accordance with
provisions of the Federal Aviation Act. Authority covenants that it has no cxisting agreements with the United States
government in conflict with the express provisions hercof. ‘he parties incorporate herein by reference all provisions
lawfully required to be contained herein by any Governmental Authority.

() his Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns
of the parties hereto.

(m) In the event that a Governmental Authority requires modifications or changes to this Agreement as a
condition precedent to the granting of funds for the improvement of the Airport, or otherwise, Operator shall make or
agree to such amendments, modifications, revisions, supplements or deletions of any of the terms, conditions or
requirements of this Agreement as may be reasonably required and any expenses resulting from such amendments,
modifications, revisions, supplements or deletions shall be paid by Authority.

(n) ‘Time is of the essence in the performance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Words of
any gender used in this Agreement shall be held and construed to include any other gender, words in the singular number
shall be held to include the plural, and words in the plural number shall be held to include the singular, unless the context
otherwise requires.

(0) ach individual executing this Agreement on behalf of Operator warrants that he or she has full
authority to execute this Agreement on behalf of Operator.

(p) Any amount due and payable hereunder that is not paid on the date it is due shal} bear interest until
paid at the maximum lawful rate of interest permitted to be charged under Applicable Laws. Notwithstanding any
provision of this Agreement to the contrary, it is the intent of Authority and Operator that Authority shall not be entitled
to receive, collect, reserve or apply, as interest, any amount in excess of the maximum amount of interest permitted to be
charged under Applicable Laws. In the event this Agreement requires a payment of interest that exceeds the maximum
amount of interest permitted to be charged under Applicable Laws, such interest shall not be received, collected, charged
or reserved until such time as that interest, together with afl other interest then payable, falls within the maximum amount
of interest permitted to be charged under Applicable Laws. In the event Authority receives any such interest in excess of

6
ARCHIVE


the maximum amount of interest pennitted to be charged under Applicable 1_aws, the amount that would be excessive
interest shall be deemed a partial prepayment hereunder and treated as such, or, if this Agreement has been terminated,
any remaining excess funds shall immediately be paid to Operator
(q) This Agreement shall be governed by and constructed in accordance with the laws of the State of
Tennessee.
(r) No waiver by a party hereto of a default by the other party in the performance or observance of any
of the terms, covenants and conditions hereof shall be construed as, or shall operate as, a waiver of any subsequent
default of any of the terms, covenants or conditions herein contained to be performed, kept and observed by such
other party. °
(s) ‘The parties hereto understand and ayree that this instrument contains the cntire agreement between
| the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Hach party hereto further understands and agrees that the
other party and its agents have made no representations or promises with respect to this Agreement or the making or
entry into this Agreement except as expressly set forth herein. Hach party hereto acknowledges that it has thoroughly
read this Agreement, including any exhibits or attachments hereto, and has sought and received such competent advice
and counsel as was necessary for it to form a full and complete understanding of all rights and obligations herein.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Authority and Operator have executed this Agreement as of the date first
written above.
METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE
AIRPORT AUTHORITY: |
Raull. Regalado, CAR. _———- _
President and Chief Executive Officer

APPROVED AS TO FORM AND L— RECOMMENDED BY:

Margaret Hollemar M. O. Burgess, 2 ae

Assistant Legal Officer Executive VP and C ~ ‘Officer
OPERATOR:

ey La
3 Tee Uf of tne _
Name: £177 Beevroed
Title: aper aT! 0 = CHG L582. Yr.
a


| LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
| staréor Hlovid )
COUNTY OF
— Tt me, the undersigned, a Notary Public of the state and county mentioned, personally appeared
Wilaw A. Ga ft _, With whom [ am personally acquainted (or proved to yne gn the basis of
on - pe ly acd! . 4
satisfactory evidence), and who, upon oath, acknowledged humfself to be athe Masasns ama of
Taye i of Team Me LO’. , the within named bargainor, a Winynenadee_. “ lirhited liability company,
and that he as such al Ore _ _, being authorized to do so, executed the foregoing instrument
for the purpose therein contained, by personally signing the name of the limiled lability company as
Hanagrns, Pocdow
Witness my hand and seal, at office in fl (aude Lu a A. , this 98? day of
fehcuey 20).
Notary Public | :
My Commission expites: SOP 13 ge, ELAINE D. JENNINGS
s i; MY COMMISSION # 00913788
“Wey EXPIRES September 07, 2013
407) 308-0183 Flori (Secvce.com
CORPORATE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
STATROF 0
COUNTY OF —_—_—)
Before me, the undersigned, a Motary Public of atte state and county mentioned, personally appeared
. cee __ With Whpm Tam pei ly acquainted (or proved to me an the basis of satisfactory
evidence), and who, upon oath, wiedged~ —_seif ta be __. . of
_ 7 . the within bargainor.@ corporation, and that
he as such . /~ , beifpauthorized to do so, executed the forcgoing instrument for the
purpose therein contained, by personally signing the na {the corporation as cot
Witness my hand ayd“Seal, at office in ro. ____» this day of
. 2,
Notary Public a
[SEAL]
Y ly Commission Expires;
9


PARTNERSHIP ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
aor _ 4 a
CORINTY OF J Yo
Before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public of the state and county, Goamentioned, personally appeared
foes uae _ . : wi fata personally acqugirfted (or proved to me on tne Pasis ol
a ofkChH¥ evidence), and whe. upon cau. acknowledged — _ seii _... pattner ot
oe oo pee + Hit within named bargaigef, a _.. Partnersmp, and
that he,assuch ___ partner, being authggiZed to do so, executed the foregoing instrument for the
purpose thercin contained by signing the name ofthe _ _ partnership by self as
wk eee _ pSruier,
Witness my hand and seal, at offige@in as ee , this day of
ee 2
Notary Public
[SEAL]
My Commissiop&xpires: _
INDIVIDUAL ACKNOWLEDGEMEN £7
STATE OF ) a
COUNTY OF _ ) 4
wa this day ot an » 26, velore ome personaly appeared
en ere a __» we ome kno f9 be the person described in and who executed the
foregoing instrument, and acknowledged that he exgetuted the same as _ free act and deed.
Witness my hand, at office, this —Kiey of ,20_.
4 a ct nee
Notary Public
[SEAT]
My Commission Expires
10
ARCHIVE
