A-12-455| RECEIVED
MAY 23 2012
CLASS VI - HOTEL/MOTEL/CORPORATE OPERATORS METROPOLITAN
COMMERCIAL GROUND TRANSPORTATION PERMIT CLERK

THIS PERMIT FOR COMMERCIAL GROUND TRANSPORTATION (the “Agreement”) is entered
into as of this 4 day of 5 J C= , 2012, by and between METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE AIRPORT
AUTHORITY, a public corporation created pursuant to Tennessee Code Annotated Sections 42-4-101, et. seq., (the
“Authority”), and “Towne Pla ce Sores NPrslini'Q__, a company licensed to do business in the
State of Tennessee (the “Operator”).

WHEREAS, Authority is the owner and operator of the Nashville International Airport (the “Airport”) in
Nashville, Tennessee; and

WHEREAS, Operator desires to operate a commercial ground transportation business at the Airport; and

WHEREAS, Authority has agreed to allow Operator to conduct its business at the Airport subject to the terms
of this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and other good
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Authority and Operator
hereby agree as follows:

1. Policy. This Agreement is subject in all respects to the terms and conditions of the Commercial
Ground Transportation Policy of Authority as in effect on the date of this Agreement and as it is amended and modified
from time to time. For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Policy” shall mean such Commercial Ground
Transportation Policy of Authority and all amendments and modifications thereto from time to time. Operator hereby
acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Policy as in effect on the date of this Agreement. Capitalized terms not otherwise
defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Policy.

2. Permit. Subject to the terms of the Policy and this Agreement, Authority hereby grants a revocable,
non-exclusive Permit to Operator for the following Commercial Ground Transportation Operator classification:

CLASS VI - HOTEL/MOTEL/CORPORATE OPERATORS

(a) During the term of this Agreement, Operator shall have a non-exclusive, revocable license solely (i) to
operate Commercial Vehicles that transport patrons of hotels, motels and specified business organizations or
enterprises to and/or from the Airport for the convenience of passengers utilizing the Airport and patrons and tenants
of the Airport; (ii) to use common-use Airport roadways for ingress and egress, subject to the Policy and other
Applicable Laws; (iii) to park Operator’s Commercial Vehicles in the non-exclusive Commercial Loading Zones
designated by Authority on the ground transportation level of the Terminal for twenty (20) minutes per trip to or from
the Airport for the purpose of loading patrons; and (iv) to unload patrons in the non-exclusive Commercial Loading
Zones designated by Authority on the passenger departing level and ground transportation level of the Terminal.

(b) Operator’s Commercial Vehicles waiting to load or unload passengers must be positioned in the
Commercial Loading Zones designated by Authority for Commercial Vehicles of that type, and shall remain therein only
for the period herein provided. Operator shall not leave any Commercial Vehicle unattended while parked in any
Commercial Loading Zone at the Airport. Operator shall not load and/or unload on the passenger arriving level of
the Terminal except by the prior written consent of Authority.

| (c) Authority shall issue to Operator one Decal per Commercial Vehicle of Operator, as specified in
| Operator’s approved application for this Agreement. The Decal shall be a visual indicator and control device installed
by Authority designating that such Commercial Vehicle is authorized by Authority to operate at the Airport. A Decal
must be permanently affixed to the right rear bumper of each Commercial Vehicle of Operator that operates at the
Airport. Each Decal shall be and remain the property of Authority, and removal of a Decal from the Commercial
Vehicle to which it was originally affixed or the transfer of a Decal to any other vehicle shall result in the immediate
termination of this Agreement without further notice, opportunity to cure or other process whatsoever. In the event that
Operator discontinues using a Commercial Vehicle bearing a Decal belonging to the Airport, Operator shall present such
Vehicle to Authority so that Authority may remove the Decal from such Commercial Vehicle. Until a Decal is removed


from a Commercial Vehicle of Operator, Operator shall continue to be responsible for fees payable with respect to such
Commercial Vehicle under the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

(d) Additionally, Authority shall issue to Operator one AVI Transponder Tag per Commercial Vehicle of
Operator, as specified in Operator’s approved application for this Agreement. The AVI Transponder Tag shall be a
control device installed by Authority on each Commercial Vehicle of Operator for the purpose of recording Trip activity
of each Commercial Vehicle operated at the Airport. Each AVI Transponder Tag shall be and remain the property of
Authority, and removal of an AVI Transponder Tag from the Commercial Vehicle to which it was originally affixed or
the transfer of an AVI Transponder Tag to any other vehicle shall result in the immediate termination of this Agreement
without further notice, opportunity to cure or other process whatsoever. In the event that Operator discontinues using a
Commercial Vehicle bearing an AVI Transponder Tag belonging to the Airport, Operator shall present such Vehicle to
Authority so that Authority may remove the AVI Transponder Tag from such Vehicle. Until an AVI Transponder Tag is
removed from a Commercial Vehicle of Operator, Operator shall continue to be responsible for fees payable with
respect to such Commercial Vehicle under the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

(e) Operator shall immediately report to Authority all changes, additions or deletions in its fleet of
Commercial Vehicles, including vehicle length, width, seats, color, make, model, year, license tag number and vehicle
identification number (VIN).

3. Term, The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and shall expire on June 30 of
the following year; provided, however, that (i) the term of this Agreement shall be automatically renewed and extended
for an additional one year term commencing on July 1 of each year unless Authority or Operator shall provide a notice
of non-renewal to the other no later than thirty (30) days prior to the then existing expiration date of the term hereof; (ii)
either party may cancel this Agreement upon thirty (30) days prior notice to the other party at any time for any reason;
(iii) Authority may suspend this Agreement, or may bar the use by Operator of a particular Driver, agent or employee or
Commercial Vehicle, if Operator, such Driver, agent or employee or such Commercial Vehicle is found to have violated
the Policy, any Applicable Laws (as defined herein) or this Agreement; and (iv) Authority may terminate this Agreement
without forfeiture, waiver or release of Authority’s rights to any sum due or to become due under the provisions of this
Agreement upon default by Operator in the payment of the fees required hereunder or violation by Operator of any of
the other provisions of this Agreement and the failure of Operator to remedy such default or violation within ten (10)
days after notice from Authority to Operator of such default or violation, provided, however, that no such ten (10) day
notice shall be required in those instances in which a provision of this Agreement grants to Authority the right to
terminate this Agreement immediately upon Operator’s violation of or failure to comply with the terms hereof.

4. Fees and Charges. Operator agrees to pay Authority all applicable fees and charges set forth in
Appendix F of the Commercial Ground Transportation Policy of Authority incorporated herein by reference and made a
part hereof; provided, however, that the fees and charges set forth in Appendix F of the Policy are subject to adjustment
in accordance with amendments and modifications to the Policy from time to time. Any adjustment to the fees and
charges due hereunder shall be effective not less than thirty (30) days after notice to Operator from Authority of such
adjustment to the fees and charges to be due hereunder together with a copy of the amendment to or modification of the
Policy pursuant to which such adjustment shall occur.

5. Qbligations of Operator. Operator shall comply in all respects with the Policy and all Applicable
Laws (as defined herein). For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Applicable Laws” shall mean all present and future
laws, ordinances, orders, directives, rules, codes, regulations and decrees of federal, state and municipal authorities and
agencies and their respective agencies, departments, authorities and commissions (individually, a “Governmental
Authority” and collectively, the “Governmental Authorities”) and all present and future grant assurances provided by
Authority to any Governmental Authority in connection with Authority’s ownership or operation of the Airport and all
other rules, regulations, policies and procedures of Authority, as the same may be amended, modified or updated from
time to time. For purposes of this Agreement, “Governmental Authorities” shall specifically include, without limitation,
Authority, The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, the State of Tennessee, the United States
Department of Transportation, the Federal Aviation Administration (the “FAA”) and the Transportation Security
Administration (the “TSA”).

6. Assignment; Sub-License. Operator shall not assign or sub-license or otherwise purport to authorize
or allow any other person or entity to exercise, the Permit or its rights granted in this Agreement without the prior written
consent of Authority, which Authority may grant or withhold in its sole discretion.

2
ARCHIVE


7. Deposit. As security for Operator’s full, faithful and prompt performance of and compliance with all
covenants, terms and conditions of this Agreement, Operator hereby deposits with Authority the sum of
(2 Dollars 6 Zo (the “Deposit”). In addition to any and all other remedies available to it under
this Agreement or otherwise, Authority shall have the right, at its option at any time and from time to time, to use the
Deposit or any part thereof in whole or partial satisfaction of any of its claims or demands against Operator and for the
payment of attorneys’ fees for the enforcement of any of its claims or demands against Operator. Authority shall have
no obligation to exercise such right, and neither the existence of such right nor the holding of the Deposit itself shall cure
any default or breach on the part of Operator. In the event that Authority shall at any time or times so use the Deposit or
any part thereof, Operator shall, within two (2) days after demand by Authority, deposit with Authority additional cash
so as to maintain the Deposit at all times at the full amount stated above and all such additional funds so deposited shall
be subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Within thirty (30) days after the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement and upon written request therefor by Operator, Authority will return the Deposit to
Operator, less the amount of any and all unpaid claims and damages of Authority hereunder. Operator hereby waives
any right to any interest which may or could be earned on the Deposit during the term of the Agreement. Authority shall
have no obligation to segregate the Deposit from other funds of Authority.

8. Documents Incorporated _by Reference. The following documents are incorporated in this
Agreement by reference and made a part hereof as if fully set forth in this Agreement: (i) the Policy, (ii) the application
for this Agreement submitted by Operator, and (iii) all policies of insurance providing the insurance coverages required
under this Agreement (including, without limitation, those required under the Policy).

9. Indemnification. Operator shall protect, defend, indemnify and hold Authority and its
commissioners, officers, and employees harmless from and against any and all suits, losses, costs, claims, damages,
demands, penalties, fines, settlements, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees, court costs
and litigation expenses) arising by reason of the injury to or death of any person or damage to any property of any nature
whatsoever arising out of or incident to (i) this Agreement, (ii) Operator’s performance or exercise of the Permit and
rights granted under this Agreement, (iii) an intentional act or a negligent act or omission of any of Operator’s Drivers,
officers, employees, agents, contractors, subcontractors, licensees or invitees regardless of where the injury, death or
damage may occur, or (iv) the failure of Operator to comply with any Applicable Laws. The provisions of this Section 9
shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

10. Costs of Enforcement. If legal action is necessary to enforce the terms of this Agreement,
Operator shall pay all of Authority’s costs incurred in taking such action, including, without limitation, attorneys’
fees.

11. Environmental Matters. Operator agrees to comply with all Applicable Laws relating to the
protection of the environment and the handling and release of any and all substances, chemicals, wastes, sewage or other
materials which are now or hereafter regulated, controlled or prohibited by any Applicable Laws requiring removal,
warning or restriction on the use, generation, disposal or transportation thereof, including, without limitation, any
substance defined as a “hazardous substance”, “hazardous material”, “hazardous waste”, “toxic substance” or “air
pollutant”,

12. Insurance. Operator agrees to comply with all requirements of the Policy regarding the
maintenance of insurance coverages. In addition, Operator further agrees that such insurance coverages maintained
pursuant hereto must provide that they will be considered primary insurance as respects any other valid and collectible

| insurance which Authority may possess and that any other insurance or self-insured retention of Authority shall be
| considered excess insurance only. Authority shall have the right to change the insurance coverages required
hereunder, without cost to Authority, if such changes are recommended or imposed by Authority’s insurers.
Authority also may require a copy of each insurance policy (including the declarations page and any endorsements
thereto) by which Operator provides the insurance coverages required hereunder. If Operator shall at any time fail to
provide any of the insurance coverages required hereunder, Authority may do all things necessary to effect or
maintain such insurance coverage and all amounts expended by it for that purpose shall be repaid by Operator to
Authority in the month in which such amounts are paid by Authority. If any insurance coverage required hereunder
cannot be obtained for any reason, Authority may require Operator to cease any and all operations until such
insurance coverage is obtained.
3
ARCHIVE


13. General Provisions,

(a) Operator certifies to the best of its knowledge and belief that: (i) no federally or state-appropriated
funds have been paid or will be paid by or on behalf of Operator to any person for influencing or attempting to
influence an officer or employee of any agency of the United States government or a member, officer or employee of
the United States Congress, or an employee of a member of the United States Congress, in connection with the
awarding of any federal contract, the making of any federal grant or loan, the entering into of any cooperative
agreement, or the extension, continuation, renewal, amendment or modification of any federal contract, grant, loan or
cooperative agreement; and (ii) if Operator has compensated or does compensate any person for influencing or
attempting to influence an officer or employee of any agency of the United States government, a member, officer or
employee of the United States Congress, or any employee of a member of the United States Congress, in connection
with any contract, grant, loan or cooperative agreement, then Operator shall complete and submit to Authority, in
accordance with its instructions, Standard Form LLL, “Disclosure of Lobbying Activities”; and (iii) Operator shall
require that the language of this certification be included in the award documents for all sub-awards at all tiers
(including subcontracts, sub-grants and contracts under grants, loans and cooperative agreements) and that all sub-
recipients shall certify and make disclosures in accordance with this Section 12(a).

(b) Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to grant Operator any exclusive right or privilege within the
meaning of Section 308 of the Federal Aviation Act of 1958, as amended (the “Federal Aviation Act”), for the conduct
of any activity at the Airport, except that, subject to the terms and provisions hereof, Operator shall have the right to
operate at the Airport under the provisions of this Agreement.

(c) This Agreement is subject and subordinate to the provisions of any agreement heretofore or hereafter
made between Authority and any Governmental Authority relative to the operation or maintenance of the Airport, the
execution of which has been required as a condition precedent to the transfer of federal rights or property to Authority
for Airport purposes, or the expenditure of federal funds for the improvement or development of the Airport, including
the expenditure of federal funds for the development of the Airport in accordance with the provisions of the Federal
Aviation Act.

(d) No waiver of default by either party of any of the terms, covenants or conditions herein to be
performed, kept and observed by the other party shall be construed as, or shall operate as, a waiver of any subsequent
default of any of the terms, covenants or conditions herein contained to be performed, kept and observed by the other
party.

(e) All notices, approvals, consents, demands and other communications required by this Agreement
must be in writing to be effective and personally delivered or sent by certified United States Mail, postage prepaid,
or by a recognized delivery service that provides registered and verifiable shipment or airbill tracking and delivery
record, with costs prepaid, to the addresses set forth below:

To Authority: Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority
Nashville International Airport
One Terminal Drive, Suite 501
Nashville, Tennessee 37214
With a copy to:
Director of Properties
Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority
Nashville International Airport
One Terminal Drive, Suite 501
Nashville, Tennessee 37214
4
ARCHIVE


To Operator: Mr. / Ms: fedn we, ba—

Company: —to wane PLAC Suter

City: Nashyitle

Steet Oo Ele Wil Ke

State: - J yo
The person and place to which notices are to be sent may be changed by a party hereto upon written notice to the
other. A notice required or permitted hereunder shall be deemed received on the date that is three (3) calendar days
after the date on which the notice is deposited in the United States Mail if sent by certified mail, or, if personally
delivered, on the date such personal delivery is made. If notice is given by a recognized delivery service, then the
notice shall be deemed received by the addressee on the date on which the signature receipt is recorded by such
recognized delivery service.

(f) The headings of the several sections of this Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience
and for reference and in no way define, limit or describe the scope or intent of any provisions of this Agreement and
shall not be construed to affect in any manner the terms and provisions hereof or the interpretation or construction
thereof.

(g) If one or more clauses, sections or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be unlawful,
invalid or unenforceable, the parties hereto agree that the material rights of either party hereto shall not be affected
thereby except to the extent of such holding, and this Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid
or unenforceable provision were omitted herefrom.

(h) The parties hereto hereby designate the following as their agents for service of process and will
waive any objection to service of process if served upon its agent as set forth below:

To Authority: President
Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority
Nashville International Airport
One Termina! Drive, Suite 501
Nashville, Tennessee 37214

To Operator: Mr. / Ms: Kean win he—
Company: A pwn F ack, sue £
City: Nashail< -
Street: 27OU “ Ww
State: _ DN

(i) Operator hereby waives any claim against Authority and its commissioners, officers, employees,
agents, servants, representatives, contractors, subcontractors, affiliates, successors and assigns for loss of anticipated
profits caused by any suit or proceedings directly or indirectly attacking the validity of this Agreement or any part
hereof, declaring this Agreement to be null, void or voidable, or delaying the exercise of any rights under this
Agreement. No commissioner, officer, employee or agent of Authority shall be charged personally or held contractually
liable by or to Operator under the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

(j) The parties hereto further covenant and agree that Authority reserves the right to further develop or
improve the Airport as it may see fit, regardless of the desires or views of Operator and without interference or
hindrance.

(k) This Agreement is subject and subordinate to the provisions of any agreement heretofore or
hereafter made between Authority and the United States government relative to the operation or maintenance of the
Airport, the execution of which has been required as a condition precedent to the transfer of federal rights or
property to Authority for Airport purposes, or the expenditure of federal funds for the improvement or development
of the Airport, including the expenditure of federal funds for the development of the Airport in accordance with
provisions of the Federal Aviation Act. Authority covenants that it has no existing agreements with the United States
government in conflict with the express provisions hereof. The parties incorporate herein by reference all provisions
lawfully required to be contained herein by any Governmental Authority.

5
ARCHIVE


(0) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns
of the parties hereto.

(m) In the event that a Governmental Authority requires modifications or changes to this Agreement as a
condition precedent to the granting of funds for the improvement of the Airport, or otherwise, Operator shall make or
agree to such amendments, modifications, revisions, supplements or deletions of any of the terms, conditions or
requirements of this Agreement as may be reasonably required and any expenses resulting from such amendments,
modifications, revisions, supplements or deletions shall be paid by Authority.

(n) Time is of the essence in the performance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Words of
any gender used in this Agreement shall be held and construed to include any other gender, words in the singular number
shall be held to include the plural, and words in the plural number shall be held to include the singular, unless the context
otherwise requires.

(0) Each individual executing this Agreement on behalf of Operator warrants that he or she has full
authority to execute this Agreement on behalf of Operator.

(p) Any amount due and payable hereunder that is not paid on the date it is due shall bear interest until
paid at the maximum lawful rate of interest permitted to be charged under Applicable Laws. Notwithstanding any
provision of this Agreement to the contrary, it is the intent of Authority and Operator that Authority shall not be entitled
to receive, collect, reserve or apply, as interest, any amount in excess of the maximum amount of interest permitted to be
charged under Applicable Laws. In the event this Agreement requires a payment of interest that exceeds the maximum
amount of interest permitted to be charged under Applicable Laws, such interest shall not be received, collected, charged
or reserved until such time as that interest, together with all other interest then payable, falls within the maximum amount
of interest permitted to be charged under Applicable Laws. In the event Authority receives any such interest in excess of
the maximum amount of interest permitted to be charged under Applicable Laws, the amount that would be excessive
interest shall be deemed a partial prepayment hereunder and treated as such, or, if this Agreement has been terminated,
any remaining excess funds shall immediately be paid to Operator.

(q) This Agreement shall be governed by and constructed in accordance with the laws of the State of
Tennessee.

(r) No waiver by a party hereto of a default by the other party in the performance or observance of any
of the terms, covenants and conditions hereof shall be construed as, or shall operate as, a waiver of any subsequent
default of any of the terms, covenants or conditions herein contained to be performed, kept and observed by such
other party.

(s) The parties hereto understand and agree that this instrument contains the entire agreement between
the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Each party hereto further understands and agrees that the
other party and its agents have made no representations or promises with respect to this Agreement or the making or
entry into this Agreement except as expressly set forth herein. Each party hereto acknowledges that it has thoroughly
read this Agreement, including any exhibits or attachments hereto, and has sought and received such competent advice
and counsel as was necessary for it to form a full and complete understanding of all rights and obligations herein.

6
ARCHIVE


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Authority and Operator have executed this Agreement as of the date first
written above.
METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE
AIRPORT AUTHORITY:
Raul L. Regalado, C.A.E.
President and Chief. Executive Officer
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY: RECOMME)Dp Dy
DP
GFA VL YW VY,
ao MLL = Z
LG —4AFE LA i Laas
Margaret Holleman Robert V igington
Assistant Legal Officer Executive VP and Chief Qperafing Officer
OPERATQOR:
“a VA >
By: Lowe. Pare Surber
Name: Fp dh wr feb &
Title: Geaecel Vinanaye
7


STATE OF TENNESSEE
COUNTY OF DAVIDSON

Before me, , a notary public of the state and
county mentioned, personally appeared Raul L. Regalado, with whom I am personally acquainted (or proved to me on
the basis of satisfactory evidence), and who, upon oath, acknowledged himself to be President and Chief Executive
Officer of Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority, the within bargainor, a corporation, and that he as such President
and Chief Executive Officer, being authorized so to do, executed the foregoing instrument for the purpose therein
contained, by personally signing the name of the corporation by himself as President and Chief Executive Officer.

Witness my hand and seal, at office in Nashville, Tennessee, this day of ,20_.

NOTARY PUBLIC
My Commission Expires:
[SEAL]
8


.
LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
state or ___N) )
COUNTY OF _ Dev tcd 56° )
| . Before me,, the undersigned, a Notary Public of the state and county mentioned, personally appeared
ka eh Yn Rice “ , with whom I am personally acquainted (or proved to me on the basis of
satisfactory evidence), and wipe upon oath, acknowledged way self to be Berar WOR RS of
° [owes FRR Ta des , the within named bargainor, a~—7 KD limited liability
company, and that__he as such_Geropai Wear vaee , being authorized to do so, executed the foregoing
instrument_for the purpose therein contained, by personally signing the name of the limited liability company as
“Te-wne Plage Surtees
Witness my hand and seal, at office in Noemie. Ls , this \ Tay of
Wey 20\OK 0
Or ~ <\. oA
CB CUDA CIB
Notary Public LO
(So) stare a)
J\a\aos (SFA
My Commission Expires: Nei E
& PUBLIC ‘S
Xs
“NER co
CORPORATE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
STATE OF )
COUNTY OF )
Before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public of the state and county mentioned, personally appeared
, with whom I am personally acquainted (or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory
evidence), and who, upon oath, acknowledged self to be of
, the within named bargainor, a corporation, and that
—heassuch_———————“‘s*™SCSCSCC_C_, bering authorized to do So, executed the foregoing instrument for the
purpose therein contained, by personally signing the name of the corporation as :
Witness my hand and seal, at office in > » this day of
520.
Notary Public
[SEAL]
My Commission Expires:
9


PARTNERSHIP ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
STATE OF )
COUNTY OF )
Before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public of the state and county aforementioned, personally appeared
, with whom I am personally acquainted (or proved to me on the basis of
satisfactory evidence), and who, upon oath, acknowledged self to be partner of
, the within named bargainor,a_—— sé aartnerrship, and
that __he, as such partner, being authorized to do so, executed the foregoing instrument for the
purpose therein contained by signing the name of the partnership by self as
partner.
Witness my hand and seal, at office in ; , this day of
520.
Notary Public
[SEAL]
My Commission Expires:
INDIVIDUAL ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
STATE OF )
COUNTYOF_C—C—Ci‘(Y
On this day of >» 20_, before me _ personally appeared
, to me known to be the person described in and who executed the
foregoing instrument, and acknowledged that __he executed the same as free act and deed.
Witness my hand, at office, this day of »20_.
Notary Public
[SEAL]
My Commission Expires:
10
