DocuSign Envelope ID: 0C02095E-33A6-40E8-9022-EE5BF707ABFA
AMENDMENT 2 TO GRANT CONTRACT BETWEEN
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
BY AND THROUGH THE METROPOLITAN HOUSING TRUST FUND COMMISSION
AND WOODBINE COMMUNITY ORGANIZATION
This contract amendment is entered into by and between THE METROPOLITAN
GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY ACTING BY AND
THROUGH THE METROPOLITAN HOUSING TRUST FUND COMMISSION, a
municipal corporation of the State of Tennessee (hereinafter referred to as "Metro") and
WOODBINE COMMUNITY ORGANIZATION (hereinafter referred to as "Recipient"). It is
mutually understood and agreed by and between said, undersigned contracting parties that the
subject Grant Contract is hereby amended as follows:
1. Grant Contract section B.1 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
B.1. Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant shall be from execution of the grant
agreement until Project completion, but in no way greater than 48 months from the execution
of the grant agreement. Metro shall have no obligation for services rendered by the Recipient
which are not performed within this term.
The remaining provisions of the Contract shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Contract:
Recipient: WOODBINE COMMUNITY ORGANIZATION
By: L _
T ny Woodham, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Date: 4/19/2024
2™ Amendment to RS2021-936 Woodbine Contract Exhibit


DocuSign Envelope ID: 0C02095E-33A6-40E8-9022-EESBF707ABFA
THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE. AND DAVIDSON
COUNTY:
APPROVED:
Ut Aol tA uf23feooy
Pet¢t Westerholm, Chair. Date  -
Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission ‘
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS:
‘DocuSigned by:
| bewin. Crumborng 4/24/2024
Kevin Crumbo, Director “Date _
Department of Finance
APPROVED AS TO RISK AND INSURANCE:
‘DocuSigned by:
| Bale Cobol 4/24/2024
Director of Risk Management Services Date
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY:
‘ DocuSigned by:
. Josen, Cilia Maral, 4/24/2024
Assistant = fropolitan Attorney Date
APPROVED BY METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND
; DAVIDSON COUNTY: ‘
Ons Lp, G / MAY 1°3 2024
Freddie O’Connell Date oo
Metropolitan County Mayor
ATTESH, this the (3" dag of May ,20 24-
Métropolitan Clerk o Date
ARCHIVE


L-5332
AMENDMENT #1 TO GRANT CONTRACT BETWEEN
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
BY AND THROUGH THE METROPOLITAN HOUSING TRUST FUND COMMISSION
AND WOODBINE COMMUNITY ORGANIZATION
This contract amendment is entered into by and between THE METROPOLITAN
GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY ACTING BY AND
THROUGH THE METROPOLITAN HOUSING TRUST FUND COMMISSION, a
municipal corporation of the State of Tennessee (hereinafter referred to as "Metro") and
WOODBINE COMMUNITY ORGANIZATION (hereinafter referred to as "Recipient"). It is
mutually understood and agreed by and between said, undersigned contracting parties that the
subject Grant Contract is hereby amended as follows:
1. Grant Contract section B.1 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
B.1. Grant Contract Term, The term of this Grant shall be from execution of the grant
agreement until Project completion, but in no way greater than 36 months from the execution
of the grant agreement. Metro shall have no obligation for services rendered by the Recipient
which are not performed within this term.
The remaining provisions of the Contract shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Contract:
Recipient: Woodbine Community Organization
\
By: (1\- bes
Rony Woodham, Executive Director
Date: 01/26/2023
— ARCHIVE


weap
THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON
COUNTY:
APPROVED:
hed " ;
pe z, Chaje7) Date
M pia Way Trust Fund Coinmission
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS:
Kelly Mannery, Dirccur” A ate SS
Neparmicat of Finance Ge
APPROVED AS TO 1 (BB NCE:
Director of ty Managentent Services ~ Hise —————
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY:
Minot
+ otis ae ed capstone SS ee
Assistant Myolitan Attarney ‘Pista
FILED, IN THE OFFECE OF THE METROPOLITAN CLERK:
Metrapfiolitan Clerk Late


GRANT CONTRACT
BETWEEN THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE
BY AND THROUGH
THE METROPOLITAN HOUSING TRUST FUND COMMISSION
AND
WOODBINE COMMUNITY ORGANIZATION

This Grant Contract issued and entered into by and between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville

and Davidson County, a municipal corporation of the State of Tennessee hereinafter referred to as

“Metro”, and Woodbine Community Organization, hereinafter referred to as the “Recipient,” is for the

provision of the construction of affordable housing units as further defined in the "SCOPE OF

PROGRAM." Woodbine Community Organization will be adding 67 affordable housing units for rental

located at 454 Elysian Fields Rd Nashville, TN 37211; 701, 705, 707 40th Ave N, Nashville TN 37209.

The recipient's annual report and audit are incorporated herein by reference. The Recipient is a nonprofit

charitable or civic organization.

A. SCOPE OF PROGRAM:

A.1. Each Property to which these grant funds are provided for shall be subject to a Declaration of
Restrictive Covenants (“Declaration”) imposing certain affordability requirements to encumber the
Property and run with the land over a 30-year term. Terms defined in the Declaration shall have
the same meanings when used in this Agreement.

A.2. The Recipient shall use the funds under this grant in accordance with the affordable housing
project submitted in the application and any of its amendments, which application is incorporated
herein, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein.

A.3. The Recipient, under this Grant Contract, will spend funds solely for the purposes set forth in their
application or proposal for grant funding which is incorporated herein. These funds shall be
expended consistent with the Grant Budget, included in Attachment A. Although some variation
in line item amounts for the Grant is consistent with the Grant Budget, any change greater than
20% of a line item shall require the prior written approval of Metro. However, in no event will the
total amount of the Grant funds provided to Recipient go above the awarded Grant amount of
$2,000,000.

Additional Conditions for Rental Properties:

1. The Grantee will provide Metro with a management plan for program oversight which includes
certification of the rents, utility allowances and tenant incomes. The Grantee will also provide
Metro an annual certification that Barnes rental requirements are being met throughout the
compliance period.

2. The Grantee will allow Metro or a Metro-approved contractor to conduct on-site inspections of the
grantee for compliance Barnes program requirements including, but not limited to, reviewing
tenant income calculations, rent determinations and utility allowances.

3. Compliance restrictions on both tenant income and maximum rents shall apply for thirty (30)
years from the date of issuance of the certificate of occupancy for the final building within the
project. If a certificate of occupancy is not issued, the compliance period will begin on the date of
recordation of the notice of completion for the project.

B. GRANT CONTRACT TERM:

B.1. Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant shall be from execution of the grant agreement until
Project completion, but in no way greater than 24 months from the execution of the grant
agreement. Metro shall have no obligation for services rendered by the Recipient which are not

{NO28 1585.1} 1
Exhibit G


performed within this term. Pursuant to Metropolitan Code of Laws § 2.149.040 (G), in the event
the recipient fails to complete its obligations under this grant contract within twenty-four months
from execution, Metro is authorized to rescind the contract and to reclaim previously appropriated
funds from the organization.

C: PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

C.1. | Maximum Liability. In no event shall the maximum liability of Metro under this Grant Contract
exceed two million dollars ($2,000,000). The Grant Budget, attached and incorporated herein as
part of Attachment A, shall constitute the maximum amount to be provided to the Recipient by
Metro for all of the Recipient's obligations hereunder. The Grant Budget line items include, but
are not limited to, all applicable taxes, fees, overhead, and all other direct and indirect costs
incurred or to be incurred by the Recipient.

This amount shall constitute the Grant Amount and the entire compensation to be provided to the
Recipient by Metro.

C.2. | Compensation Firm. The maximum liability of Metro is not subject to escalation for any reason.
The Grant Budget amount is firm for the duration of the Grant Contract and is not subject to
escalation for any reason unless the grant contract is amended.

C.3. Payment Methodology. The Recipient shall be compensated for actual costs based upon the
Grant Budget, not to exceed the maximum liability established in Section C.1. Upon execution of
the Grant Contract and receipt of a request for payment, the Recipient may be eligible to receive
reimbursement for milestones as completed based upon the Grant Budget.

a. Grant Draws
Before a draw can be made, there must be a physical inspection of the property by Metro
or an approved designee. The inspection must confirm appropriate completion of the
project. All draw requests must be inspected before funding.
1) Construction Grant Draw Schedule (% based on grant amount)

e 12.5% - upon receipt of the Building Permit (check property address and
contractors name) and Builder's Risk Insurance sufficient to cover cost of
construction (make sure Metro is listed as lien holder)

e 25% - footing framing and foundation completed (25% complete)

e 25% - roofing completed and the plumbing, electric and mechanical are
roughed in and approved by local Codes (50% complete)

e 25% - cabinets, counters, drywall, trim and doors are installed (75%
complete)

Balance of grant upon receipt of a Final Use & Occupancy from local Codes (100%
complete).
All draw requests except for the first 12.5% draw must be inspected before funding.
The above is the preferred draw method. We will occasionally fund based on a true
percentage of completion as noted in a Construction Inspection report, understanding
that the initial 12.5% draw may overfund the grant, requiring later draws to be reduced.
2) Construction Grant Draw Process
e Draw request is received from the Recipient. It should be requested by
the contractor and approved by the Recipient.
e Proper receipt documentation must be included to be processed by Metro.
e Complete property inspection
{NO281585.1} 2
Exhibit G


e Metro or approved designee approves the request.
e Payments should be made to the Recipient.
All invoices shall be sent to:
Barnes Housing Trust Fund
Office of the Mayor
Metropolitan Courthouse
Nashville, TN 37201
(615) 862-6000, (615) 862-6040 fax
Said payment shall not exceed the maximum liability of this Grant Contract.
Final invoices for the contract period should be received by Metro Payment Services by 24
months from the execution of the grant agreement. Any invoice not received by the deadline date
will not be processed and all remaining grant funds will expire.

C.4.  Close-out Expenditure and Narrative Report. The Recipient must submit a final grant Close-out
Expenditure and Narrative Report, to be received by the Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund
Commission / Barnes Housing Trust Fund within 45 days of the end of the Grant Contract. Said
report shall be in form and substance acceptable to Metro and shall be prepared by a Certified
Public Accounting Firm or the Chief Financial Officer of the Recipient Organization.

C.5. Payment of Invoice. The payment of any invoice by Metro shall not prejudice Metro’s right to
object to the invoice or any matter in relation thereto. Such payment by Metro shall neither be
construed as acceptance of any part of the work or service provided nor as an approval of any of
the costs included therein.

C.6. Unallowable Costs. The Recipient's invoice shall be subject to reduction for amounts included in
any invoice or payment theretofore made which are determined by Metro, on the basis of audits
or monitoring conducted in accordance with the terms of this Grant Contract, to constitute
unallowable costs.

C.7. | Deductions. Metro reserves the right to adjust any amounts which are or shall become due and
payable to the Recipient by Metro under this or any Contract by deducting any amounts which are
or shall become due and payable to Metro by the Recipient under this or any Contract.

C.9. Electronic Payment. Metro requires as a condition of this contract that the Recipient shall
complete and sign Metro's form authorizing electronic payments to the Recipient. Recipients who
have not already submitted the form to Metro will have thirty (30) days to complete, sign, and
return the form. Thereafter, all payments to the Recipient, under this or any other contract the
Recipient has with Metro, must be made electronically.

C.10. Recipient agrees and understands that procurement of goods and services for the grant project
must comply with state and local law and regulations, including the Metropolitan Procurement
Code. Recipient will provide Metro with all plans and specifications needed for these
procurement purposes. Recipient will promptly review, and either approve or disapprove, in good
faith and with reasonable grounds all estimates, amendments to scope of work, and all work
performed by a contractor prior to payment.

C.11. Atthe reasonable request of Metro, Recipient agrees to attend public meetings, neighborhood
meetings, and other events regarding this Project.

C. 12. Any signage, printed materials, or online publications erected at the applicable Project site or
elsewhere regarding the Project shall include the following language or language acceptable by
Metro acknowledging that the Project is partially funded with a grant from the Barnes Fund for
Affordable Housing of the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County:

{NO281585 1} 3
Exhibit G


This project funded in part by the Barnes Affordable Housing Trust Fund of the
Metropolitan Government of Nashville & Davidson County.

Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission

John Cooper, Mayor

Metropolitan Council of Nashville and Davidson County

D. STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

D.1. Required Approvals. Metro is not bound by this Grant Contract until it is approved by the
appropriate Metro representatives as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.

D.2. Modification and Amendment. This Grant Contract may be modified only by a written amendment
that has been approved in accordance with all Metro procedures and by appropriate legislation of
the Metropolitan Council.

D.3. | Default and Termination for Cause. Any failure by Owner to perform any term or provision of this
Grant Contract shall constitute a "Default" (1) if such failure is curable within 30 days and
Recipient does not cure such failure within 30 days following written notice of default from Metro,
or (2) if such failure is not of a nature which cannot reasonably be cured within such 30-day
period and Recipient does not within such 30-day period commence substantial efforts to cure
such failure or thereafter does not within a reasonable time prosecute to completion with diligence
and continuity the curing of such failure. Should the Recipient Default under this Grant Contract
or if the Recipient violates any terms of this Grant Contract, Metro shall have the right to
immediately terminate the Grant Contract and the Recipient shall return to Metro any and all grant
monies for services or projects under the grant not performed as of the termination date. The
Recipient shall also return to Metro any and all funds expended for purposes contrary to the
terms of the Grant. Such termination shall not relieve the Recipient of any liability to Metro for
damages sustained by virtue of any breach by the Recipient.

D.4. | Subcontracting. The Recipient shall not assign this Grant Contract or enter into a subcontract for
any of the services performed under this Grant Contract without obtaining the prior written
approval of Metro. Notwithstanding any use of approved subcontractors, the Recipient shall be
considered the prime Recipient and shall be responsible for all work performed.

D.5. — Conflicts of Interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount shall be paid
directly or indirectly to an employee or official of Metro as wages, compensation, or gifts in
exchange for acting as an officer, agent, employee, subcontractor, or consultant to the Recipient
in connection with any work contemplated or performed relative to this Grant Contract.

The Grantee also recognizes that no person identified as a Covered Person below may obtain a financial

interest or benefit from a Metro Housing Trust Fund Competitive Grant assisted activity, or have an

interest in any contract, subcontract or agreement with respect thereto, or the proceeds thereunder, either
for themselves or those whom they have family or business ties, during their tenure or for one year
thereafter.

Covered Persons include immediate family members of any employee or board member of the Grantee.
Covered Persons are ineligible to receive benefits through the Metro Housing Trust Fund
Competitive Grant program. Immediate family ties include (whether by blood, marriage or
adoption) a spouse, parent (including stepparent), child (including a stepbrother or stepsister),
sister, brother, grandparent, grandchild, and in-laws of a Covered Person.

(NO281585 1} 4
Exhibit G


D6. Nondiscrimination. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person shall be
excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination
in the performance of this Grant Contract or in the employment practices of the Recipient on the
grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other classification
which is in violation of applicable laws. The Recipient shall, upon request, show proof of such
nondiscrimination and shall post in conspicuous places, available to all employees and
applicants, notices of nondiscrimination.

D.7. Records. All documents relating in any manner whatsoever to the grant project, or any designated
portion thereof, which are in the possession of Recipient, or any subcontractor of Recipient shall
be made available to the Metropolitan Government for inspection and copying upon written request
by the Metropolitan Government. Furthermore, said documents shall be made available, upon
request by the Metropolitan Government, to any state, federal or other regulatory authority and any
such authority may review, inspect and copy such records. Said records include, but are not limited
to, all drawings, plans, specifications, submittals, correspondence, minutes, memoranda, tape
recordings, videos or other writings or things which document the grant project, its design and its
construction. Said records expressly include those documents reflecting the cost of construction,
including all subcontracts and payroll records of Recipient.

Recipient shall maintain documentation for all funds provided under this grant contract. The
books, records, and documents of Recipient, insofar as they relate to funds provided under this
grant contract, shall be maintained for a period of three (3) full years from the date of the final
payment. The books, records, and documents of Recipient, insofar as they relate to funds
provided under this grant contract, shall be subject to audit at any reasonable time and upon
reasonable notice by Metro or its duly appointed representatives. Records shall be maintained in
accordance with the standards outlined in the Metro Grants Manual. The financial statements
shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

D.8. Monitoring. The Recipient's activities conducted and records maintained pursuant to this Grant
Contract shall be subject to monitoring and evaluation by Metro or Metro's duly appointed
representatives. The Recipient shall make all audit, accounting, or financial records, notes, and
other documents pertinent to this grant available for review by the Metropolitan Office of Financial
Accountability, Internal Audit or Metro’s representatives, upon request, during normal working
hours.

D9. Reporting. The Recipient must submit an Interim Program Report, to be received by the
Metropolitan Housing Trust Commission / Barnes Housing Trust Fund, by no later than February
1, 2022 and a Final Program Report, to be received by the Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund
Commission within 45 [forty-five] days of the end of the Grant Contract. Said reports shall detail
the outcome of the activities funded under this Grant Contract.

D.10. Strict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist in any one or more cases upon the strict
performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement shall not
be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of any such term, covenant, condition, or provision.
No term or condition of this Grant Contract shall be held to be waived, modified, or deleted except
by a written amendment by the appropriate parties as indicated on the signature page of this
Grant.

D.11. Insurance. The Recipient shall maintain adequate public liability and other appropriate forms of
insurance, including other appropriate forms of insurance on the Recipient's employees, and to
pay all applicable taxes incident to this Grant Contract.

D.12. Metro Liability. Metro shall have no liability except as specifically provided in this Grant Contract.

D. 13. {Independent Contractor. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to create a
partnership or joint venture between the Recipient and Metro or to create the relationship of
principal and agent between or among the Recipient and Metro. The Recipient shall not hold

{NO281585 1} 5
Exhibit G
ARCHIVE


itself out in a manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph. Metro shall not become liable for
any representation, act, or omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph.

D.14. Indemnification and Hold Harmless.

(a) Recipient shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Metro, its officers, agents and
employees from any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees for injuries or damages
arising, in part or in whole, from the negligent or intentional acts or omissions of Recipient, its
officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or independent contractors, in connection
with the performance of the contract, and any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney
fees arising from any failure of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub
or independent contractors, to observe applicable laws, including, but not limited to, labor laws
and minimum wage laws.

(b) Metro will not indemnify, defend or hold harmless in any fashion the Recipient from any
claims, regardless of any language in any attachment or other document that the Recipient may
provide.

(c) Recipient shall pay Metro any expenses incurred as a result of Recipient's failure to fulfill any
obligation in a professional and timely manner under this Contract.

(d) Grantee’s duties under this section shall survive the termination or expiration of the grant.

D.15. Force Majeure. The obligations of the parties to this Grant Contract are subject to prevention by
causes beyond the parties’ control that could not be avoided by the exercise of due care
including, but not limited to, acts of God, riots, wars, strikes, epidemics or any other similar cause.

D.16. State, Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with all applicable federal,
state and local laws and regulations in the performance of this Grant Contract.

D.17. Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction and effect of this Grant Contract and any
and all extensions and/or modifications thereof shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The venue for legal action concerning this
Grant Contract shall be in the courts of Davidson County, Tennessee.

D.18 Attorney Fees. Recipient agrees that, in the event either party deems it necessary to take legal
action to enforce any provision of the Grant Contract, and in the event Metro prevails, Recipient
shall pay all expenses of such action including Metro’s attorney fees and costs at all stages of the
litigation.

D.19. Completeness. This Grant Contract is complete and contains the entire understanding between
the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein, including all the terms and conditions
of the parties’ agreement. This Grant Contract supersedes any and all prior understandings,
representations, negotiations, and agreements between the parties relating hereto, whether
written or oral.

D. 20. Headings. Section headings are for reference purposes only and shall not be construed as part
of this Grant Contract.

D.21 Licensure. The Recipient and its employees and all sub-grantees shall be licensed pursuant to
all applicable federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, rules, and regulations and shall upon
tequest provide proof of all licenses. Recipient will obtain all permits, licenses, and permissions
necessary for the grant project.

D. 22. Waiver. No waiver of any provision of this contract shall affect the right of any party thereafter to
enforce such provision or to exercise any right or remedy available to it in the event of any other
default.

{NO281585.1} 6
Exhibit G


D. 23. Inspection. The Grantee agrees to permit inspection of the project and/or services provided for
herein, without any charge, by members of the Grantor and its representatives.

D. 24. Assignment—Consent Required. The provisions of this contract shall inure to the benefit of and
shall be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Except for
the rights of money due to Recipient under this contract, neither this contract nor any of the rights
and obligations of Recipient hereunder shall be assigned or transferred in whole or in part without
the prior written consent of Metro. Any such assignment or transfer shall not release Recipient
from its obligations hereunder. Notice of assignment of any rights to money due to Recipient
under this Contract must be sent to the attention of the Metro Department of Finance.

D.25. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or
agree to give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to
solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a gratuity or an offer of
employment in connection with any decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation,
preparations of any part of a program requirement or a purchase request, influencing the content
of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any
other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim
or controversy in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or
controversy or other particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or
subcontract or to any solicitation or proposal therefore. It shall be a breach of ethical standards
for any payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor
under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or a person associated
therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach of the provisions of
this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of ethical standards which may
result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or suspension from participation in
Metropolitan Government contracts.

D.26. Communications and Contacts. All instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other
communications from the Recipient required or contemplated by this Grant Contract shall be in
writing and shall be made by facsimile transmission, email, or by first class mail, addressed to the
respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or address as set forth below or to such
other party, facsimile number, or address as may be hereafter specified by written notice.

Metro:

For contract-related matters and enquiries regarding invoices:

Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission / Barnes Housing Trust Fund
Office of the Mayor

Metropolitan Courthouse

Nashville, TN 37201

(615) 862-6000, (615) 862-6040 fax

ashley.brown2@nashville.gov

Recipient:

Tony Woodham

Executive Director

Woodbine Community Organization
643 Spence Lane

Nashville, TN 37217

D.27. Lobbying. The Recipient certifies, to the best of its knowledge and belief, that:

a. No federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid, by or on behalf of the
Recipient, to any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee
of any agency, a Member of Congress in connection with the awarding of any federal
contract, the making of any federal grant, the making of any federal loan, and entering

(NO281585.1} 7
Exhibit G
ARCHIVE


into of any cooperative agreement, and the extension, continuation, renewal,
amendment, or modification of any federal contract, grant, loan, or cooperative
agreement.

b. If any funds other than federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid to any
person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any agency, a
Member of Congress, an officer or employee of Congress, or an employee of a Member
of Congress in connection with this grant, loan, or cooperative agreement, the Recipient
shall complete and submit Standard Form-LLL, “Disclosure Form to Report Lobbying,” in
accordance with its instructions.

C; The Recipient shall require that the language of this certification be included in the award
documents for all sub-awards at all tiers (including sub-grants, subcontracts, and
contracts under grants, loans, and cooperative agreements) and that all subcontractors of
federally appropriated funds shall certify and disclose accordingly.

0.28 Effective Date. This contract shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed first by the
Recipient and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government and has been
filed in the office of the Metropolitan Clerk. When it has been so signed and filed, this contract shall
be effective as of the date first written above.

(THIS PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK)
{NO281585.1} 8
Exhibit G


THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT RECIPIENT:
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON
COUNTY: WOODBINE COMMUNITY ORGANIZATION
APPROVED AS TO PROGRAM SCOPE: fs
, ubldagy
Sworn to and subscribed to before ant! '3 "py
Pace. to? Notary Public, this# day Deble 1
s es of Maven, _, 2021. > XA
Chair, Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund = af Qe e: e
Commission = #1 ee “2
Bs i
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF Notary Public “Op s
FUNDS: tas ~
“Here rayaae™
Director of Finance Oey, ( WY _
My Commission expires S| 22 (2% asf
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND
LEGALITY
Metropolitan Attorney
APPROVED AS TO RISK AND
INSURANCE:
Director of Insurance
Metropolitan Clerk
{N0281585.1} 9
Exhibit G


BARNES HOUSING TRUST FUND RENTAL BUDGET
Lait across [isaeiionrinzavocamavenenn [| Td
Development Type [auitiramely | a a |r| (es
x 7. Nolensville and
Accessible Bus Line Routes ein
Chanotte/Ciitton
umber of Studios SS SS a
Number of tpedrooms [17S dT Cd CY Cr CCC Cd
Number of 2= Bedrooms 13 ES ee
square Feet 51658 [a el a sl
Number ofstones S| |
|
] |
lAcquistioncosts | TT TT
[_ vacant and | 300,000.00 | ______|x00,00000 [—___{—____{______|—__|
Sub-Total fa200,000.00 _fo.co _fi.200,000.00 Jovo fooo jasc faco
Predevelopment Costs ————————
[closing costs ___‘(soponso___[sooooon | Sid Sd
Appraisal 10,900.90 40,000.00
survey 10,000.00 i a a a as a
Architect 95,900.30 [95,000.00 |
[Engineering 3,000.00 ___|os,00000_| | ___|___|___||____|
Sub-Total 230,000.00 [23000000 fooo oso fooo on ooo
5,257.435,00 2.639.435.00 |szg.000.00 | —_|:.008,00000] |
Sub-Total 5.957,435.00 58,000.90
(ener EEpecee zac | satgoo | TT 53.00
[construction contingency [375,725.00 | __us,725300 ff {|
Sub-Total 2073.00 | paszs00 fos] fono 6537.00 |
Deferred Oey Fee Paid From
50% Excess Cash flow 215,000.00 228,000.00
[TOTAL PROJECT COST 7 826,158.00 [2,000,000.00 |4,053,571.00 [548,000.00 _|218,000.00 |1,000,000.00 6,527.00
ic SC a
{NO281 585.1} 10
Exhibit G
