Loa Lr Or4etS
a . | c rer an
FEB 9 1987
, ; METROPOLITAN,
. CLERK
LEASE AGREEMENT
. ; ; ; 4yth
This Lease Agreement, made and entered into this — day of
Barone + 1987, by and between the METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE
AIRPORT AUTHORITY, a public corporation created by The Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County, Tennessee, and existing
pursuant to the laws of the State of Tennessee, hereinafter called
"Lessor" and THE STATE OF TENNESSEE, hereinafter called "Lessee".
WITNESSETH

The Lessor for and in consideration of the rent hereinafter
specified to be paid by Lessee and the covenants and agreements herein-
after covenanted by the Lessee to be kept and performed has demised,
leased and let unto the Lessee those certain premises known as the
"Control Tower" at Smyrna Airport, Smyrna, Tennessee, described on

. Exhibit "A", which exhibit is attached hereto and by this reference
incorporated herein for all purposes as if here set forth at length. :

To have and to hold unto said Lessee the following terms and
conditions: . ;

SECTION 1. The term of this Lease shall be for one (1) year,
beginning on January 1, 1987 and expiring on December 31, 1987.
Thereafter, the term of this Lease shall be automatically renewed on a
successive year to year basis. Either party may cancel this Lease with

, sixty (60) days advance written notice to the other party, at any time,
for any reason. .

SECTION 2. The annual rental for the property leased hereunder is
One ($1.00) Dollar payable by January 1 of each year. Rental payment
for the first year is hereby acknowledged.

SECTION 3. Said premises, commonly known as the Smyrna Control
Tower and containing approximately 2,760 square feet, may be used as a
control tower by Lessee and for no other purpose. As partial considera-

. aa ARCHIVE


oo: ‘
tion for this Lease, Lessee during the time it operates the control
tower, will maintain advisory assistance to military aircraft only.
Lessee will further install, broadcast and monitor the appropriate radio
frequencies.

SECTION 4. Lessee is responsible for the maintenance and upkeep of
the control tower including the payment of all utility bills and opera-
tional costs including installation of all necessary metering devices.

: SECTION 5. Lessee will further provide the Federal Aviation
Administration of the Department of Transportation with any operating
space that agency may require for installation of equipment owned and
operated by the Federal Government related to aircraft safety and opera-
tions.

: SECTION 6. Lessor reserves the right to approve any capital
improvements or alterations to the Control Tower proposed by the Lessee.

SECTION 7. Lessee represents that it has inspected and examined the
demised premises and accepts them in their present condition, and agrees
that the Lessor shall not be required to make any improvements or repairs
whatsoever in or upon the premises hereby demised or any part thereof;
Lessee agrees to make any and all improvements and repairs at Lessee's
sole cost and expense and agrees to keep said premises safe and in good
order and condition at all times during the terms hereof and upon expira-
tion of this Lease or any sooner termination thereof, Lessee will quit
and surrender possession of said premises guietly and peacefully and in
as good order and condition as the same were at the commencement hereof,
reasonable wear, tear, and damage by the elements excepted. Lessee
further agrees to leave said premises free from all nuisance and
dangerous and defective conditions.

SECTION 8. Neither the demised premises nor any portion thereof
shall be sublet or shall this Lease or any interest therein be assigned,
hypothecated or mortgaged by Lessee, and any attempted assignment, sub-
letting, hypothecation, or mortgaging of this Lease shall be of no force
or effect and shall confer no rights upon any assignees, sublessee,

| Te ARCHIVE


mortgagee, or pledgee.

SECTION 9. Lessee agrees to fully obey all rules and regulations of
Lessor applicable to operations at Smyrna Airport.

SECTION 10. Any notice required or desired to be given under this

Lease may be personally served or given by mail. Any notice given by
mail shall be deemed to have been served after forty eight (48) hours
shall have elapsed from the time when such notice was deposited in the
United States mail at any Post Office in Nashville, Tennessee, postage
prepaid, addressed to the party to be served at the last address filed by
such party with the other party.

SECTION 11. In the event that Lessee shall be in default of any of
the provisions of this Lease, then Lessor shall without notice have the
right to reenter upon the premises, take possession of the improvements
thereon, and declare the Lease forfeited.

SECTION 12. The Lessee for itself, successors in interest, and
assigns, as a part of the consideration hereof, does hereby covenant and
agree as a covenant running with the land that: (1) no person on the
grounds of race, color, or national origin shall be excluded from

. participation in, denied the benefits of, or be otherwise subject to
discrimination in the use of said facilities; (2) that in the construc-
tion of any improvements on, over, ‘or under such land and the furnishing
of services thereon, no person on the grounds of race, color, or national
origin shall be excluded from participation in, denied the benefits of,
or otherwise be subjected to discrimination, (3) that the Lessee shall

; use the premises in compliance with all other requirements imposed by or
pursuant to title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, Department of Trans-

portation, Subtitle A, Office of the Secretary, Part 21, Nondiscrimina-

, tion in Federally-assisted programs of the Department of Transportation-.
Effectuation of Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and as said
Regulations may be amended.

That in the event of breach of any of the above nondiscrimination
covenants, Lessor shall have the right to terminate the Lease and to re~

. oe ARCHIVE


enter and repossess said land and the facilities thereon, and hold the
same as if said Lease had never been made or issued. This provision
shall not be effective until the procedures of Title 49, Code of Federal
Regulations, Part 21 are followed and completed including exercise or
expiration of appeal rights.

SECTION 13. Lessee agrees to comply with all laws, and to obey all
rules, regulations, or administrative orders of agencies of the City of
Smyrna and Rutherford County, the State of Tennessee, and the United
States as these laws, rules, regulations and administrative orders may
now exist and as they may be hereafter adopted, relating to protection of
the environment. Lessee further agrees to abide by all rules and regula-
tions adopted by the Authority relating to protection of the environment.

a ARCHIVE


This Lease Agreement is executed under the day and year first above
written by duly authorized officers of the parties.
LESSOR:
ATTEST: ' METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE AIRPORT
AUTHORITY:
secu h fl Madlrn i oan
NO ecretary Will G. Moore, Jr.
7 President
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY:
Jf, y Vine :
Legal Counsel :
Stokes & Bartholomew, P.A.
Third National Financial Center *
Nashville, Tennessee 37219
LESSEE:
, STATE OF-TENNESSEE
BY:
: The Adjutant General
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY:
: 4
73 ~ ARCHIVE


Br we ay, , ¥ _ NEN eee
y ye WY _ 4 NO
: 4S ~, fa , . ; Lf ess Sr
a Wvi™ ma “a - ,
lave CC vA AS . o32 oO ra
: See ¢ ok . sss [B . 1
&, | {eds | |
_ | GA |
a . . 650 .
. . : EZ 0 m8 :
. . me . . 5 Wy, cor] EN . : :
ts | £820 oe
: . a a 903 [Ty sot
| “By BA
5 : = ae « soz
; ; : : , se: oO, | 3] $49 rs
* . & . wa \ a a G TT! ave.
Oo | 2 oe of ae “I( m
2 7 a * "3
: yoy * ry — a aGH]08 edad e0ea |
. . = oO S20
aol 9 = 3] b> of i
: oo, ; ‘6 ~ 2) AS} 223 a pt
as = = [B a 38
. oT ave. —
. ' ee2(* 7 ~. >
: a . . .. ers ed Bey 28 - rc
. Control 62 622 ome nes "9? ses .
° De, Tower Ct it (2a | Bee sasAP ‘peo “eL
i : : . aot AVE.
oN 7 ee a |e
. e 3 sae 2 see 58? to
. . A e ee gs ; ° - .
5 fry) . r.) wee . lezal ; bd . 7 _ .
AVA a , Fy Oo
. a NG , f " “ca ]0 47
: _ a ” e ors . oo
, : “ . ° _ azc] | _ Laid o oa
ve = : y i ie ste
os . . . . e a Zz F i
oy e eka 7 ; _ ; Os {
. . : . | ear . ,
2 7 .
: eA] =
B 7: &* S25 EXHIBIT "A" TOA -
- os nS i LEASE AGREEMENT BETWEEN
BO ay y, _ METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE
: ; . Yh re "AIRPORT AUTHORITY
. ,. 4 AND THE STATE OF TENNESSEE
‘ Yo . ’ . . ss
a 7 . v4 * ~ oat a ; a ‘
ONS Dg _°. ARCHIVE
