FIRST AMENDMENT TO CONCESSION AGREEMENT

THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO CONCESSION AGREEMENT is made,
entered into, and effective May 25, 2013, by and between the METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE
AIRPORT AUTHORITY, a public corporation existing under the laws of the State of Tennessee,
hereinafter referred to as "Authority", and Jaroth Inc.dba Pacific Telemanagement Services
hereininafter referred to as “Concessionaire”.

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, Authority and Concessionaire entered into a Concession Agreement
dated February 12, 2013, ("the Agreement"), granting Concessionaire the right to operate Public
Pay Telephone Services at the Passenger Terminal Building (“Terminal”); and

WHEREAS, the parties desire to amend the Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, mutual covenants, terms and
conditions contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Agreement is hereby amended in respect to the
following only:

1. ARTICLE III. GRANT OF CONCESSION RIGHTS Section 3.2

Concession Locations is hereby deleted and replaced with the following:

Under the Agreement, the Concessionaire shall provide Pay telephone
services in the locations identified in Attachment A-1 thru A-5 of this
concession agreement, hereinafter referenced as “Concession Locations”.
Unless otherwise approved, new units will be substituted for the units
currently occupying existing spaces. All locations are subject to approval
by the Authority. The Authority reserves the right to have concessionaire
remove public payphones that the Authority feels are underperforming
with no cost to the Authority. The current number of phones installed and
in operation is 24.

2 ARTICLE I. GRANT OF CONCESSION RIGHTS Section 3.3 Term is

hereby deleted and replaced with the following:

The term of the Agreement shall be for a period of five years (5) years,
commencing on April 1", 2013 (unless otherwise extended or terminated
as hereinafter provided).

Bt ARTICLE V. FINANCIAL TERMS Section 5.1 Concession Fees is hereby

deleted and replaced with the following:

For the privilege of operating and managing the Concession, the
Concessionaire must remit to Authority, in regular monthly installments,
the “Concession Fee”, which is a percentage of gross receipts for Public


Pay Telephone as specified below. The Concessionaire is not obligated to
remit the Concession Fee to the Authority until Concessionaire’s monthly
gross receipts exceed the amount equivalent to $60 per phone per month,
based upon the number of pay phones in operation for that month. In
addition, should the monthly gross receipts for all concession locations
taken together fail to meet or exceed an amount equivalent to $60 per
phone per month, based upon the number of pay phones in operation for
that month, and Concessionaire provides a remittance of $0 dollars for a
particular month, Authority shall remit, on a quarterly basis, the shortage
due Concessionaire for each month in that quarter for which
Concessionaire remitted $0 dollars. For example, if Concessionaire is
operating 10 pay phones in a month, and gross receipts for the month total
only $500 dollars, during the quarterly true-up, the Authority would remit
$100 to Concessionaire for that month.
e Public Pay Phones: 50% of gross receipts above the first $60 of
gross receipts per phone per month
e Ancillary Products: 25% of gross receipts
e No commission will be received by the Authority until a line
install of charge of $1,375 is first paid by Authority commissions
4. ARTICLE XVIII. FINANCIAL GUARANTEE is hereby amended
to include the following additional section:
Section 18.2 Cash Deposit A cash deposit to be kept on hand by the Authority
in the amount of Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00) will be accepted in lieu of
a Letter of Credit.

In the event of any conflict, inconsistency or incongruity between the provisions of
this First Amendment and any provisions of the Agreement, the more restrictive on Concessionaire
shall in all respects govern and control.

It is expressly agreed by the parties that this First Amendment modifies the Agreement, but
unless specifically modified herein, all other terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain
in full force and effect.

ARCHIVE


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Authority and Concessionaire have executed this First Amendment as
of the date first written above.
AUTHORITY:
ATTEST: APPROVED:
eg A,
ce Holloway Robert R. Wigington
aff Secretary President & CEO
APPROVED AS TO FORM RECOMMENDED:
& LEGALITY:
LAA me
Margaret Holleman 4 n Howurds
Senior Legal Counsel Ny sistant Vice President Properties
CONCESSIONAIRE:
Jaroth Inc.dba Pacific
Tele: germent Services
BY: iP
Tire Execoewe. VP of Sales
paTE:_JU\y¥ WW, 2013


CERTIFICATE OF ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
STATE OF _( wife vance
COUNTY OF ___Lowi¥@  cost@
Before me, ( th figtine - hevot the state and county aforesaid, personally appeared
Vous Lu bus hen whom I am personally acquainted, and who upon oath,
acknowledged himself/hersel+to be the Ereuctve VP of Saloof Darotl Ing the within
bargainor, a corporation, and that $he as such being authorized so to do,
executed the foregoing instrument for the purpose therein contained, by signing the name of the corporation
by himself/herselfas Vous lubushkn
Witness my hand and seal, at office in San Ramon, this (day of Suly , 2013.
Savon CHRISTINE H. CHEN
Af AB Commission # 1940718 .
$ Neat i} Notary Public - California sg
Saar’ _-ContraCostaCounty =
j exe My Comm. Expires dun 12, 2015 f NOTARY PUBLIC.
My Commission Expires: Sune \2.., LAS
