Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E Exhibit A
GRANT CONTRACT 2024-R13-AHR BETWEEN
THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE
BY AND THROUGH
THE METROPOLITAN HOUSING TRUST FUND COMMISSION AND
Affordable Housing Resources

This Grant Contract issued and entered into by and between the Metropolitan Government of

Nashville and Davidson County, a municipal corporation of the State of Tennessee hereinafter

referred to as “Metro”, and Affordable Housing Resources, hereinafter referred to as the

“Recipient,” is for the provision of the construction of affordable housing as further defined in the

"SCOPE OF PROGRAM." Affordable Housing Resources will be developing 44 affordable

housing units located at 0 Trinity Lane. The Recipient’s grant budget is incorporated herein by

reference. The Recipient is a nonprofit charitable or civic organization.

A. SCOPE OF PROGRAM:

A.1. Each Property to which these grant funds are provided for shall be subject to a
Declaration of Restrictive Covenants (“Declaration”) imposing certain
affordability requirements to encumber the Property and run with the land over
a 30-year term (“Affordability Period”). Terms defined in the Declaration shall
have the same meanings when used in this Agreement.

A.2. _ The Recipient shall use the funds under this grant in accordance with the affordable
housing project described in the Scope of Work, which is incorporated herein and
attached hereto as Attachment A, and any of its amendments and subject to the terms
and conditions set forth herein.

A3. The Recipient, under this Grant Contract, will spend funds solely for the purposes set
forth in the work scope outlined in Attachment A. These funds shall be expended
consistent with the Grant Budget, included in Attachment B. Although some variation in
line-item amounts for the Grant is consistent with the Grant Budget, any change greater
than 20% of a draw category shall require the prior written approval of the Metro Housing
Director. However, in no event will the total amount of the Grant funds provided to
Recipient go above the Grant Award amount of $2,640,000.

A4. — This Grant Contract by and through the Housing Trust Fund Commission and the
Recipient is expressly limited to the Grant award and for the purposes described herein.
Prior to the use of any funds, the property must be properly zoned, and it is the sole
responsibility of the Recipient to pursue any necessary rezoning or other land use
change. This Grant Contract in no way serves to supersede the authority of the Metro
Nashville Planning Commission or the Metropolitan Council's authority to approve or
deny zoning or land use changes on the proposed property and shall not be used for
such purposes.

A.5. The Grantee will allow Metro or a Metro-approved contractor to conduct on-site
inspections of the grantee for compliance of Barnes program requirements.

A.6. Requirements for Homeownership Projects:

a. Recipient shall ensure that initial homeowners and subsequent homeowners are
income-eligible during the Affordability Period. Income eligibility is determined and
documented at the time a prospective homebuyer enters into a program

(NO281585.1} 1
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
agreement with the Recipient. Income- eligible is defined as households with
incomes at or below 80% of the Area Median Income (AMI), adjusted by
household size. The AMI is established annually by the U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development, and Recipient shail follow the AMI in effect at
the time of purchase.

b. Sales prices should be affordable to households with incomes at 80% AMI. Should
the project include the creation of a Homeowners Association (“HOA”), Recipient
shall ensure that the sales prices of the homes and HOA fees combined are
affordable to households with incomes at 80% AMI.

c. Atleast annually during the Affordability Period, Recipient shall remind homeowners
of the resale limitations placed upon the property.

B. GRANT CONTRACT TERM:

B.1. Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant shall be from execution of the grant
agreement until Project completion, but in no way greater than 24 months from the
execution of the grant agreement. Metro shall have no obligation for services rendered
by the Recipient which are not performed within this term. Pursuant to Metropolitan
Code of Laws § 2.149.040 (G), in the event the recipient fails to complete its obligations
under this grant contract within 24 months from execution, Metro is authorized to
rescind the contract and to reclaim previously appropriated funds from the organization.

Cc. PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

C.1. | Maximum Liability. In no event shall the maximum liability of Metro under this Grant
Contract exceed Two Million Six Hundred Forty Thousand Dollars $2,640,000
“Grant Award”. The Grant Award is comprised of Metro Operating Funds
($1,400,554) and American Rescue Plan Act Funds ($1,239,446). The Grant
Budget, attached and incorporated herein as part of Attachment B, details the
project budget, and the Grant Award shall constitute the maximum amount to be
provided to the Recipient by Metro for all of the Recipient’s obligations hereunder.

The Grant Budget line items include, but are not limited to, all applicable taxes,

fees, overhead, and all other direct and indirect costs incurred or to be incurred by

the Recipient.

The Grant Award shall constitute the entire compensation to be provided to the Recipient

by Metro.

C.2. Compensation Firm. The maximum liability of Metro is not subject to escalation for any
reason. The Grant Budget amount is firm for the duration of the Grant Contract and is <
not subject to escalation for any reason unless the grant contract is amended.

C.3. Payment Methodology. The Recipient shall be compensated for actual costs based
upon the Grant Budget, not to exceed the maximum liability established in Section C.1.
Upon execution of the Grant Contract and receipt of a request for payment, the
Recipient may be eligible to receive reimbursement for milestones as completed based
upon the Grant Budget.

{NO281585,1} 2.


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
a. Grant Draws
1) Construction Grant Draw Schedule

e Recipient shall submit draw requests in accordance with the Draw Schedule
provided in Attachment C. Changes to the Draw Schedule shall require an
amendment to the Grant Contract.

e Before a draw can be made, there must be a physical inspection of the property
by Metro or an approved designee unless otherwise specified. The inspection
must confirm appropriate completion of the project.

2) Construction Grant Draw Process

e Recipient must submit draw requests in the form and according to the
directions provided by Metro.

e Allinvoices shall be sent to: bfpayments@nashville.gov

e Said payment shall not exceed the maximum liability of this Grant Contract.

e Final invoices for the contract period should be received by Metro Payment
Services by 24 months from the execution of the grant agreement. Any
invoice not received by the deadline date will not be processed and all
remaining grant funds will expire.

C.4. Close-out Expenditure and Narrative Report. The Recipient must submit a final grant
Close-out Expenditure and Narrative Report, to be received by the Metropolitan Housing
Trust Fund Commission / Barnes Housing Trust Fund within 45 days of project
completion in conjunction with the submission of the final draw on the award. Said report
shall be in form and substance acceptable to Metro and shall be prepared by a Certified
Public Accounting Firm or the Chief Financial Officer of the Recipient Organization. It
should detail the outcomes of the activities funded under this Grant Contract.

C.5. Payment of Invoice. The payment of any invoice by Metro shall not prejudice Metro's
right to object to the invoice or any matter in relation thereto. Such payment by Metro
shail neither be construed as acceptance of any part of the work or service provided nor
as an approval of any of the costs included therein.

C.6. Unallowable Costs. The Recipient's invoice shall be subject to reduction for amounts
included in any invoice or payment theretofore made which are determined by Metro, on
the basis of audits or monitoring conducted in accordance with the terms of this Grant
Contract, to constitute unallowable costs.

C.7. Deductions. Metro reserves the right to adjust any amounts which are or shall become
due and payable to the Recipient by Metro under this or any Contract by deducting any
amounts which are or shall become due and payable to Metro by the Recipient under
this or any Contract.

{NO281585 1} 3


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E

C.8. Electronic Payment. Metro requires as a condition of this contract that the Recipient
shall complete and sign Metro's form authorizing electronic payments to the Recipient.
Recipients who have not already submitted the form to Metro will have thirty (30) days to
complete, sign, and return the form. Thereafter, all payments to the Recipient, under this
or any other contract the Recipient has with Metro, must be made electronically.

C.9. | Procurement. Recipient agrees and understands that procurement of goods and services
for the grant project must comply with state and local law and regulations, including the
Metropolitan Procurement Code. Recipient will provide Metro with all plans and
specifications needed for these procurement purposes. Recipient will promptly review,
and either approve or disapprove, in good faith and with reasonable grounds all
estimates, amendments to scope of work, and all work performed by a contractor prior to
payment.

C.10. Public Meetings. At the reasonable request of Metro, Recipient agrees to attend public
meetings, neighborhood meetings, and other events regarding this Project.

C.11. Recognition. Any signage, printed materials, or online publications erected at the
applicable Project site or elsewhere regarding the Project shall include the following
language or language acceptable by Metro acknowledging that the Project is partially
funded with a grant from the Barnes Fund for Affordable Housing of the Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County:

This project funded in part by the Barnes Affordable Housing Trust Fund of the Metropolitan
Government of Nashville & Davidson County.

Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission

Freddie O'Connell, Mayor

Metropolitan Council of Nashville and Davidson County f

D. STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

D.1. | Required Approvals. Metro is not bound by this Grant Contract until it is approved by the
appropriate Metro representatives as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.

D.2. Modification and Amendment. This Grant Contract may be modified only by a written
amendment that has been approved in accordance with all Metro procedures and by
appropriate legislation of the Metropolitan Council.

D.3. Default and Termination for Cause. Any failure by Owner to perform any term or
provision of this Grant Contract shall constitute a "Default" (1) if such failure is curable
within 30 days and Recipient does not cure such failure within 30 days following written
notice of default from Metro, or (2) if such failure is not of a nature which cannot
reasonably be cured within such 30-day period and Recipient does not within such 30-
day period commence substantial efforts to cure such failure or thereafter does not within
a reasonable time prosecute to completion with diligence and continuity the curing of
such failure. Should the Recipient Default under this Grant Contract or if the Recipient
violates any terms of this Grant Contract, Metro shall have the right to immediately
terminate the Grant Contract and the Recipient shall return to Metro any and all grant
monies for services or projects under the grant not performed as of the termination date.
The Recipient shall also return to Metro any and all funds expended for purposes

{N0281585 1} 4
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
contrary to the terms of the Grant. Such termination shall not relieve the Recipient of
any liability to Metro for damages sustained by virtue of any breach by the Recipient.

D.4. | Subcontracting. The Recipient shall not assign this Grant Contract or enter into a
subcontract for any of the services performed under this Grant Contract without obtaining
the prior written approval of Metro. Notwithstanding any use of approved subcontractors,
the Recipient shall be considered the prime Recipient and shall be responsible for all
work performed.

D.5. Conflicts of Interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount shall
be paid directly or indirectly to an employee or official of Metro as wages, compensation,
or gifts in exchange for acting as an officer, agent, employee, subcontractor, or
consultant to the Recipient in connection with any work contemplated or performed
relative to this Grant Contract.

The Grantee also recognizes that no person identified as a Covered Person below may
obtain a financial interest or benefit from a Metro Housing Trust Fund Competitive Grant
assisted activity, or have an interest in any contract, subcontract, or agreement with
respect thereto, or the proceeds thereunder, either for themselves or those whom they
have family or business ties, during their tenure or for one year thereafter.

Covered Persons include immediate family members of any employee or board member
of the Grantee. Covered Persons are ineligible to receive benefits through the Metro
Housing Trust Fund Competitive Grant program. Immediate family ties include (whether
by blood, marriage, or adoption) a spouse, parent (including stepparent), child (including
a stepbrother or stepsister), sister, brother, grandparent, grandchild, and in-laws of a
Covered Person.

D.6. Nondiscrimination. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person
shall be excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected
to discrimination in the performance of this Grant Contract or in the employment
practices of the Recipient on the grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion, sex,
national origin, or any other classification which is in violation of applicable laws. The
Recipient shall, upon request, show proof of such nondiscrimination and shall post in
conspicuous places, available to all employees and applicants, notices of
nondiscrimination.

D.7. Records. All documents relating in any manner whatsoever to the grant project, or any
designated portion thereof, which are in the possession of Recipient, or any subcontractor
of Recipient shall be made available to the Metropolitan Government for inspection and
copying upon written request by the Metropolitan Government. Furthermore, said
documents shall be made available, upon request by the Metropolitan Government, to any
state, federal or other regulatory authority and any such authority may review, inspect,
and copy such records. Said records include, but are not limited to, all drawings, plans,
specifications, submittals, correspondence, minutes, memoranda, tape recordings, videos
or other writings or things which document the grant project, its design, and its
construction. Said records expressly include those documents reflecting the cost of
construction, including all subcontracts and payroll records of Recipient.

Recipient shall maintain documentation for all funds provided under this grant contract.
The books, records, and documents of Recipient, insofar as they relate to funds
¢N0281585.1} 5
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E

provided under this grant contract, shall be maintained for a period of three (3) full years

from the date of the final payment. The books, records, and documents of Recipient,

insofar as they relate to funds provided under this grant contract, shall be subject to
audit at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by Metro or its duly appointed
representatives. Records shall be maintained in accordance with the standards outlined
in the Metro Grants Manual. The financial statements shall be prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles.

D.8. Monitoring. The Recipient's activities conducted, and records maintained pursuant to
this Grant Contract shall be subject to monitoring and evaluation by Metro or Metro’s
duly appointed representatives during the term of the contract and throughout the
affordability period. The Recipient shall make all audit, accounting, or financial records,
notes, and other documents pertinent to this grant available for review by the
Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability, Internal Audit or Metro’s representatives,
upon request, during normal working hours.

D.9. Reporting. Recipient will be required to provide annual progress reports no later than
July 15 of each year. The progress report should summarize activity that occurred during
the previous fiscal year (July 1 ~ June 30). Said report shall be in a form provided by
Metro. In addition, Recipient shall submit a Close-out Expenditure and Narrative Report
as provided in section C.4 above detailing the outcome of the activities funded under
this Grant Contract.

D.10. Strict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist in any one or more cases upon the strict
performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement
shall not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of any such term, covenant,
condition, or provision. No term or condition of this Grant Contract shall be held to be
waived, modified, or deleted except by a written amendment by the appropriate parties
as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.

D.11. Insurance. The Recipient shall maintain adequate public liability and other appropriate
forms of insurance, including other appropriate forms of insurance on the Recipient’s
employees, and to pay all applicable taxes incident to this Grant Contract.

D.12. Metro Liability. Metro shall have no liability except as specifically provided in this Grant
Contract.

D.13. Independent Contractor. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to
create a partnership or joint venture between the Recipient and Metro or to create the
relationship of principal and agent between or among the Recipient and Metro. The
Recipient shall not hold itself out in a manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph.
Metro shall not become liable for any representation, act, or omission of any other party
contrary to the terms of this paragraph.

D.14. Indemnification and Hold Harmless.

a. Recipient shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Metro, its officers, agents and
employees from any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees for injuries
or damages arising, in part or in whole, from the negligent or intentional acts or
omissions of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or
independent contractors, in connection with the performance of the contract, and any
claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees arising from any failure of
Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or independent

{NO281585 1} 6
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E

contractors, to observe applicable laws, including, but not limited to, labor laws and
minimum wage laws.

b. Metro will not indemnify, defend, or hold harmiess in any fashion the Recipient from
any claims, regardless of any language in any attachment or other document that the
Recipient may provide.

c. Recipient shall pay Metro any expenses incurred as a result of Recipient's failure to
fulfill any obligation in a professional and timely manner under this Contract.

d. Grantee's duties under this section shall survive the termination or expiration of the
grant.

D.15. Force Majeure. The obligations of the parties to this Grant Contract are subject to
prevention by causes beyond the parties’ control that could not be avoided by the
exercise of due care including, but not limited to, acts of God, riots, wars, strikes,
epidemics, or any other similar cause.

D.16. State, Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with all applicable
federal, state, and local laws and regulations in the performance of this Grant Contract.

D.17. Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction, and effect of this Grant
Contract and any and all extensions and/or modifications thereof shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The venue
for legal action concerning this Grant Contract shall be in the courts of Davidson
County, Tennessee.

D.18. Attorney Fees. Recipient agrees that, in the event either party deems it necessary to
take legal action to enforce any provision of the Grant Contract, and in the event Metro
prevails, Recipient shall pay all expenses of such action including Metro's attorney fees
and costs at all stages of the litigation.

D.19. Completeness. This Grant Contract is complete and contains the entire understanding
between the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein, including all the
terms and conditions of the parties’ agreement. This Grant Contract supersedes any and
all prior understandings, representations, negotiations, and agreements between the
parties relating hereto, whether written or oral.

D.20. Headings. Section headings are for reference purposes only and shall not be construed
as part of this Grant Contract.

D.21. Licensure. The Recipient and its employees and all sub-grantees shall be licensed
pursuant to all applicable federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, rules, and
regulations and shall upon request provide proof of all licenses. Recipient will obtain all
permits, licenses, and permissions necessary for the grant project.

D.22. Waiver. No waiver of any provision of this contract shall affect the right of any party
thereafter to enforce such provision or to exercise any right or remedy available to it in
the event of any other default.

{NO281585 1} 7


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E

D.23. Inspection. The Grantee agrees to permit inspection of the project and/or services
provided for herein, without any charge, by members of the Grantor and its
representatives.

D.24. Assignment—Consent Required. The provisions of this contract shall inure to the benefit
of and shall be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties
hereto. Except for the rights of money due to Recipient under this contract, neither this
contract nor any of the rights and obligations of Recipient hereunder shall be assigned or
transferred in whole or in part without the prior written consent of Metro. Any such
assignment or transfer shall not release Recipient from its obligations hereunder. Notice
of assignment of any rights to money due to Recipient under this Contract must be sent
to the attention of the Metro Department of Finance.

D.25. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to
offer, give or agree to give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or
former employee to solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a
gratuity or an offer of employment in connection with any decision, approval,
disapproval, recommendation, preparations of any part of a program requirement or a
purchase request, influencing the content of any specification or procurement standard,
rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any other advisory capacity in any
proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or controversy in any
proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or controversy or other
particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or subcontract or
to any solicitation or proposal therefore. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any
payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor
under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or a person
associated therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach
of the provisions of this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of
ethical standards which may result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or
suspension from participation in Metropolitan Government contracts.

D.26. Communications and Contacts. All instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other
communications from the Recipient required or contemplated by this Grant Contract
shall be in writing and shall be made by facsimile transmission, email, or by first class
mail, addressed to the respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or address
as set forth below or to such other party, facsimile number, or address as may be
hereafter specified by written notice.

Metro:
Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission / Barnes Housing Trust Fund
Planning Department — Housing Division
PO Box 196300
Nashville, TN 37219
BarnesFund@nashville.gov
{N0281585,1} 8
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E

Recipient:

Affordable Housing Resources

E. D. Latimer,

50 Vantage Way, Suite 107

615-772-8037

audra.davis@me.com

D.27. Lobbying. The Recipient certifies, to the best of its knowledge and belief, that:

a. No federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid, by or on behalf of
the Recipient, to any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or
employee of any agency, a Member of Congress in connection with the awarding
of any federal contract, the making of any federal grant, the making of any
federal loan, and entering into of any cooperative agreement, and the extension,
continuation, renewal, amendment, or modification of any federal contract, grant,
loan, or cooperative agreement.

b. If any funds other than federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid
to any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of .
any agency, a Member of Congress, an officer or employee of Congress, or an
employee of a Member of Congress in connection with this grant, loan, or
cooperative agreement, the Recipient shall complete and submit Standard Form-
LLL, “Disclosure Form to Report Lobbying,” in accordance with its instructions.

Ci The Recipient shall require that the language of this certification be included in
the award documents for all sub-awards at all tiers (including sub-grants,
subcontracts, and contracts under grants, loans, and cooperative agreements)
and that all subcontractors of federally appropriated funds shall certify and
disclose accordingly.

D.28. Effective Date. This contract shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed
first by the Recipient and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan
Government and has been filed in the office of the Metropolitan Clerk. When it has been
so signed and filed, this contract shall be effective as of the date first written above.

(REMAINEDER OF PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK)
{NO281585.1} 9


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3F06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF RECIPIENT:
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY:
. Affordable Housing Resources
APPROVED AS TO PROGRAM SCOPE: v7,
Poter Westerholm By: S” D.
Peter Westerholm (Aug 28, 2024 14:00 COT) ; ‘ ° ©
Peter Westerholm, Chair Title: ¢,B o,
Metropolitan Trust Fund Commission .
. Sworn to and iyo to before mea
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF Notary Public, this J day of Avessr
FUNDS: Signed by: 2024.
beni Crumbot mt yy
é \ My
Kevin Crumbo, Director UNotary eid seal”,
Department of Finance SBP’ Be
Bai Tenveseyey EA
BU pUWoiAss Y B
APPROVED AS,X(0.:0RM AND LEGALITY: % ont (el Ae y
a PR RX
Jesee Oikos Metal % Cm OsOw
- = On Mii) th)
Assistant Metropolitan Attorney Mission exo
APPROVED AS TO RISK AND
INSURANCE- DocuSigned by: :
Balogun Colt Notary Publc Pyaa [esc A : im
Director of Risk Managemént Services
APPROVED BY METROPOLITAN My Commission expires ve) Méach BOBS
GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND
wa COUNTY:
Freddfe O'Connell
Metropolitan County Mayor
pate SEP 19 2024
ATTEST thig/fhe \Atol of 44/o9 6
LX 2. LA TN AA Re
BY: v4 PELE a , A
; etropolitan Cler
, {NO2B1585 14 10


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
ATTACHMENT A
<>
ras)
Barnes Housing Trust Fund Scope of Work
Funding Round Number: 13
Organization Name: Affordable Housing Resources
Project Location: 0 Trinity Lane
Project Type: Homeownership
Grant Award: $2,640,000 comprised of $1,400,554 in Metro Operating Funds and
$1,239,446 in ARPA Funds
Metro Property Award: N/A
Total Number of Units: 44
Total Number of Barnes Fund Units by Income Target:
a  ” ”
Project Summary:
AHR requests funding to build Trinity Flats, a 44-unit development of one- bedroom
condominiums in the 37207 zip code of East Nashville. These affordable homes will have a
sale price below $225,000 — well under Nashville's January 2024 median home price of
$440,000. Trinity Flats will consist of two buildings within a one-acre footprint. Each home will
be 580 square feet, which is ideal for one or two occupants.
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
ATTACHMENT B
MSA
PY Ww
2k
Barnes Housing Trust Fund Grant Budget


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3F06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E B99
yuac rece
Number ofStories| 3

Acquisition Costs Saas
797,000
797,000
Predevelopment Costs = = on
100,000
Architect 150,000
50,000
Planning/Zoning 15,000
Construction Financing 50,000
Total - Pre-development Costs 365,000
Construction Costs -Infrastructure a ai
General Conditions, Grading and Utilities 1,297,760
Retaining Wall 500,000
200,000
Paving/concrete for street and parking 250,000
Infrastructure contingency 200,000
Utility Hookups/Fees 129,433
Total - Infrastructure 2,577,193
Construction Costs- Vertical a aaiaead
Footer/Foundation 128,000
Framing, 758,000
Fire Sprinklers 205,000
Metal Staircases 204,000
330,000
Plumbing 280,000
48,000
HVAC 396,000
Drywall/Insulation 252,000
120,000
Windows/Doors/Trim 143,000
Floor Coverings 128,000
Cabinets/tops 241,000
siding 200,000
Total - Vertical 3,433,000
Other Pi ae oe
Dumpsters/Port-a-Johns 13,000
Tile/Quickcrete 100,000
Appliances 154,000 ARC H IVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3F06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
Total Construction Cost 7,189,193
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
ATTACHMENT C
as bee?
Barnes Housing Trust Fund Draw Schedule
The following percentages are based on the Barnes Fund grant award.
Draw % of Grant Milestone
#
1 12.5% Upon receipt of the building permit, proof of builder's risk insurance
with Metro Nashville listed as a lien holder.
2 57.5% Site work 50% complete.
3 20% Footing, framing, and foundation complete.
4 5% Receipt of Final Use & Occupancy letter from Metro Codes.
Note: Draw requests 2-5 must be inspected by a third-party inspector contracted with Metro
prior to the release of funds. All draw requests require documentation and are paid ona
reimbursable basis.


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
ATTACHMENT D
i i» X
Required Documents
The following are required items pursuant to Metropolitan Code 5.04.070:

1. A copy of the nonprofit’s corporate charter or other articles, constitution, bylaws, or
instruments of organization;

2. Acopy of a letter from the Internal Revenue Service evidencing the fact that the
organization is a nonprofit, tax-exempt organization under the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended;

3. Astatement of the nature and extent of the organization's program that serves the
residents of the metropolitan government;

4. The proposed use of the funds to be provided by the metropolitan government (See
Attachment A);

5. The proposed budget of the organization, indicating all sources of funds and a line-
item identification of the proposed expenditure of metropolitan government funds (See
Attachment B);

6. Acopy of the nonprofit’s annual audit or other required financial documentation
described in Metro Code subsection 5.04.070(E).


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E : 3
; AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
oe AFFORDABLE noc os NASHVILLE, INC.

fhe undersigned, for the purpose of forming a corporation
pursuant. to the provisions of the Tennessee Nonprofit Corporation
Act, Tennessee Code Annotated 48-51-101 et seq., adopted the
following Articles of Incorporation: ,

ARTICLE I.
Name
The name of this corporation shall be:
AFFORDABLE HOUSING OF NASHVILLE, INC.
ARTICLE II.
Purposes

This ‘corporation is formed for charitable, -educational and
scientific purposes, with its primary objective being to promote
the development of adequate housing for low and moderate income
people in the metropolitan area of and adjacent to the City of
Nashville, Tennessee, and in the State of Tennessee, including, but
without limiting the generality of the foregoing:

(a) - To counteract community deterioration by promoting the
rehabilitation and construction of affordable housing.

(b) To provide technical assistance to groups in planning,
designing, financing, processing or managing new or rehabilitated
housing.

(c) To promote research and development of new modes of
constructing and financing housing.

ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3F06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E

(d) To encourage other persons and entities to undertake
similar. activities.

(e) To serve as a clearing house for activities, information
and resources targeted to the development of affordable housing.

(f) To develop an equity fund for such purposes as down

: payment and closing costs assistance and other related activities. .

This corporation may receive and disburse funds or other
property incident to or necessary for the accomplishment of the
aforesaid purposes and do any and all acts incidental to the
transaction of the business of this corporation or expedient for
the attainment of the purposes stated herein.

Within the framework of these purposes, this corporation is
organized and shall be operated exclusively: to engage in,
advance, promote and administer charitable, education and
scientific activities and projects of every kind and nature
whatsoever in its own behalf or as the agent, trustee,
representative of others; to aid, assist and contribute to the
support of corporations, associates and institutions which are
organized and operated exclusively for such purposes and which are
described in Section 501(c) (3) of the Internal Revenue Code, as now
enacted or as hereafter amended. For these purposes, and not
otherwise, this corporation shall have only such powers as are
required by and are consistent with the foregoing purposes,
including the power to acquire and receive funds and property of
every kind and nature whatsoever, whether by purchase, conveyance,
lease, loan credit, gift, grant, bequest, legacy, devise or

2
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
otherwise, and to own, hold, improve, expend, lend, make gifts,
grants, and contributions of, and to convey, transfer and dispose
of any funds and property and the income therefrom for the
furtherance of the purposes of this corporation hereinabove set
forth, or any of them, and to lease, mortgage, encumber and use the
same, and such other powers which are consistent with the foregoing
purposes and which are afforded to this corporation by the
Tennessee Nonprofit Corporation Act, and by any present and future
laws amendatory thereof and supplementary thereto. Provided,
further, that all such powers of this corporation shail be
exercised only so that this corporation’s operations shail be
exclusively within the contemplation of Section 501(c)(3) of the
Internal Revenue Code, as now enacted or as hereafter amended, and
the Tennessee statutes relating to non-profit corporations, as now
enacted or as hereafter amended, and such Tennessee statutes, as
now enacted or as hereafter amended, shall not be taken as in any
way permitting this corporation to have or to exercise any power
which is not within Section 501(c) (3) of the Internal Revenue Code,
as now enacted or as hereafter amended. No part of the property or
the income of this corporation shall ever be used or employed
directly or indirectly by this corporation for the purpose of, and
no substantial part of its activities shall consist of, carrying on
propaganda, or otherwise attempting, to influence legislation, and
in no event shall this corporation participate in, or intervene in
(including by publishing or distributing statements) any political
campaign on behalf of any candidate for public office.
3
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E :
ARTICLE III.
Not for Profit
This corporation is not for profit. This corporation does not
and shall not afford pecuniary gain, incidentally or otherwise, to
its members. No part of the net earnings or the income of this
corporation shall inure to the benefit of any member of this
corporation or any private individual (as that term is used in
Section 501(c) (3) of the Internal Revenue Code, as now in effect) .
This corporation shall not lend any of its assets to any
Officer, Director or member of the corporation and shall not
guarantee to any other person the payment of a loan by any Officer,
Director or member of this corporation.
ARTICLE Iv.
Dissolution
This corporation may be dissolved in accordance with the laws
of the State of Tennessee, Upon dissolution of this corporation
any surplus property remaining after the payment of its debts shall
be disposed of by transfer to one or more corporations,
associations, institutions, trusts, community chests or foundations
organized and operatea exclusively for one or more of the purposes
of this corporation, or to the State of Tennessee or any political
subdivision or agency thereof for exclusively public purposes, in
such proportions as the Board of Directors of this corporation
shall determine, and in accordance with the statutes of the State
of Tennessee applicable to dissolution.
4
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
ARTICLE V.
. Public Benefit
This shall be a public benefit corporation.
ARTICLE Vi.
Perpetual
The period of duration of this corporation shall be perpetual.
ARTICLE VII.
Registered Office
The initial registered office of this corporation shall be
located at 172 Second Avenue North, Nashville, Davidson County,
Tennessee 37201 and the initial registered agent at such office
shall be Gerald F. Nicely.
ARTICLE VIII.
Incorporator
The name and address of the incorporators, each of whom is a
natural person of full age are:
NAME ADDRESS
Mr. Robert McNeilly First American National Bank
First American Center
Nashville, TN 37237-0609
Mrs. Carleen B. Waller Metropolitan Development and Housing
Agency
2204 Eighth Avenue South
Nashville, TN 37204
Mr. Todd Christofferson Sovran Bank/Central South
One Commerce Place
Nashville, TN 37219
: 5
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
Mr. Gerald F. Nicely Metropolitan Development and Housing
Agency
P.O. Box 846
Nashville, Tn 37202
Mr: Mark Thompson South Nashville.Action People
1224 Martin Street
Nashville, TN 37203
Mrs. Fletch Coke St. Luke’s Housing Programs, Inc.
' 5612 South Stanford Court ’
Nashville, TN 37215
Mr. Thomas Epperson Buena Vista Citizens Advisory
Committee
1710 Cass Street
Nashville, TN 37208
Ms. Della Hughes United Way of Middle Tennessee
250 Venture Circle
Nashville, TN 37228
councilman Willis McCallister 935 34th Avenue North
Nashville, TN 37209
ARTICLE IX.
Principal Office
The principal office of the corporation shall be 172 Second
Avenue North, Nashville, Tennessee 37201.
ARTICLE X.
Capital Stock
The corporation shall have no capital stock.
ARTICLE XI.
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors shall consist of no fewer than nine (9)
persons and no more than fifteen (15) persons. The Board shall be
6


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
a classified board with the Directors divided into three (3)
Classes, each of which shall have an equal number of members. The
tenure in office of each member of a respective class shall be
three (3) years and all classes shall end on December 31 of each
year. Each member shall serve until the end of his or her tenure
: or until his or her successor is elected and has qualified. F

For the purpose of providing for the structure of tenure of
the Directors, the class of 1992 shall consist of at least three
(3) members, but no more than five (5) members. The class of 1993
shall consist of at least three (3) members, but no more than five
(5) members. The class of 1994 shall consist of at least three (3)
members, but no more than five (5) members.

ARTICLE XII.
Election of Directors

The Board of Directors shall be chosen in the following
manner. No more than one-third (1/3) of the Board of Directors
shall be appointed by or consist of members of the Metropolitan
Development and Housing Agency of Metropolitan Nashville, Davidson
county, Tennessee (hereinafter "MDHA"), the Metropolitan Mayor of
Nashville, Davidson County, Tennessee, or any other governmental
body. The remaining two-thirds of the members the Board shall be
appointed by United Way of Middle Tennessee (hereinafter calied
“United Way").

The initial Directors shall be considered appointed upon
delivery of written notice of such appointment by Incorporator.

7
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E

Any Directorship which becomes vacant for any reason, and the
successors to each Directorship, at the end of its term, shall be
appointed by an appropriate motion or resolution made at a
regularly scheduled meeting of the Directors, by the entity
appointing the Director who is being replaced, so that a
replacement for a Director appointed by MDHA would be appointed by
MDHA, a replacement for a Director appointed by United Way would be
appointed by United Way, and a replacement for a Director appointed
by the Mayor would be appointed by the Mayor.

ARTICLE XIII.
Indemnification

The corporation shall have the right to indemnify and insure

Directors and Officers to the extent approved by law.
ARTICLE XIV.
Amendment ,

This Charter may be amended by the affirmative vote of a
simple majority of the members of the Board of Directors.

This Amended and restated Articles of Incorporation was
adopted by a unanimous vote of the Board of Directors at its
regularly scheduled meeting held on Janu ; 21, 1992.

\ ti dL,
ti G be th;
President, Bodrd/of " ectors
8


Docusign Envelope ID: D2ZA3FO6C-2C95-47 18-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
<i ATTACHAR YT VAR
age
i AHA. iw
FILED ea a ed ie
RECHIVED
SECMETEPY GF STATE
ne 97 SEP 10 PRARKIGLES OF AMENDMENT TO THE CHARTER
ib he owe ces
CORPGRSRE IGONTROIS NUMBER CF KNOWN) Gz es2t
PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 48—60—105 OF THE TENNESSEE NONPROFIT CORPORA-
TION ACT, THE UNDERSIGNED CORPORATION ADOPTS THE FOLLOWING AMENDMENT TO ITS
CHARTER:
CU AMENDMENT IS TO BE EFFECTIVE WHEN FILED BY THE SECRETARY OF STATE.
ff AMENDMENT IS TO BE EFFECTIVE, hes ee ee
MONTH DAY YEAR
(NOT TO BE LATER THAN THE 90TH DAY AFTER THE DATE THIS DOCUMENT IS FILED.)IF
NEITHER BLOCK IS CHECKED, THE AMENDMENT WILL BE EFFECTIVE AT THE TIME OF FILING.
1. PLEASE INSERT THE NAME OF THE CORPORATION AS IT APPEARS ON RECORD:
AFFORPAOLE Hovswe oF  MWMAsHvite, (WC.
IF CHANGING THE NAME, INSERT THE NEW NAME ON THE LINE BELOW:
A-Froenete _Hovsiwe _Kesoupces , (ve. -
2. PLEASE INSERT ANY CHANGES THAT APPLY:
A. PRINCIPAL ADDRESS: (treet)
ey) (state) (zip code)
B. REGISTERED AGENT: D Larimen
C. REGISTERED ADDRESS: fice AID CAP TR Beep
WB-SHV \LLe TN 39219 Davin Som
(aity) (state) zip code} (couaty}
D. OTHER CHANGES:
3. THE CORPORATION IS A NONPROFIT CORPORATION.
4. THE MANNER (IF NOT SET FORTH IN THE AMENDMENT) FOR THE IMPLEMENTATION OF ANY
EXCHANGE, RECLASSIFICATION, OR CANCELLATION OF MEMBERSHIPS IS AS FOLLOWS:
5. THE AMENDMENT WAS DULY ADOPTED eS oe a BY:
MONTH DAY YEAR
(NOTE: PLEASE MARK THE BLOCK THAT APPLIES)
(CO THE INCORPORATORS WITHOUT MEMBERS’ APPROVAL, AS SUCH WAS NOT REQUIRED.
ef THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS WITHOUT MEMBERS’ APPROVAL, AS SUCH WAS NOT REQUIRED.
0 ‘THE MEMBERS.
6. INDICATE WHICH OF THE FOLLOWING STATEMENTS APPLIES BY MARKING THE APPLICABLE
BLOCK:
gf ADDITIONAL APPROVAL FOR THE AMENDMENT (AS PERMITTED BY SECTION 48~60—301 OF
THE TENNESSEE NONPROFIT CORPORATION ACT) WAS NOT REQUIRED.
(ADDITIONAL APPROVAL FOR THE AMENDMENT WAS REQUIRED B CHARTER AND WAS
OBTAINED.
Execurve  Pinecton =
SIGNER’S CAPACITY SIGNATURE
GB. Y- Lar (een
NAME OF SIGNER (TYPED OR PRINTED)
BB ssassom nn ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3F06C-2C95-47 18-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
BORGES qo els
RECEDES)
eve Die Lanbe AMENDMENTS TO ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
Sen tes Ee which Were originally filed May 21, 1992,
ST SEP $2 PH 2:82
weds ) Sar ARTICLE I
GECKES 21. 2) Satkeldame of this corporation shall be:
Affordable Housing Resources, Inc.
- ARTICLE XIt y
Election of Directors
The Boart of Directors shall be chosea in the following manner. The Directors will originally
The Rese caiots from the two afiiating entities, Affordable Housing of Nashville, Inc (ANN
The Resource Foundation, inc. (TRF). There will be fout members from each (AHN & TRE) and a ninth
director will be appointed by the initial cight Directors. Hereafter, the Directors Will be self appointing,
tion (CDOs meston shall illow the guidelines for a Community Housing Deelopmont
Deeaation (CHDO) as defined by the HOME regulations ofthe Department of Housine aot oe
Development, as amended from time to time.
Fi a taship which becomes vacant for any reason, and the successor to each Directorship at
Senet ae a. Stall be appointed bythe appropriate motion or resolution made ata regularly
Dine meeting ofthe Directors, by any Director and the consenting vote ofa sitaple molt of the
Directors.


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3F06C-2C95-47 18-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
£ soe. R

a. STATE bilkag

ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT — “06 JUN~8 PH I: 55
TO TEE CHARTER RULE) wedi
OF SEC ETARY OF STATE
AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, ING.
bs Pri “dh.

Pursuant to the provision sof Section 48-60-10, efit Temneases g
Nonprofit Corporation Act (the “Act”), Affordable Housing jurces, Inc, a
Tennessee nonprofit corporation, adopts the following articles of amendment to iu
its Charter: &

Ls The name of the corporation is Affordable Housing Resources, Inc.

2. The first paragraph of Article If of the Cluj i hereby deltod
in its entirety and the following paragraph is inserted in lieu therefore:

“These purposes may be performed by the Corporation

directly or may be performed by corporations or other entities

directly controlled by the Corporation. ‘The corporation is formed

for charitable, educational and scientific purposes, with its f

primary purpose being to promote the development of adequate

housing for low and moderate income people in the metropolitan

arta of and adjacent to the City of Nashville, Tennesseo, and in

the State of Tennessee, and to further social welfare through the

relief of the poor and distressed, lesson the burdens of

government, combat community deterioration and ‘ lessen

neighborhood tensions, and stabilize . communities and

neighborhoods by, including, but without limiting the generality af

the foregoimg?” if'

8. ‘Tha Sitiwing wilipatageiphis are aillod to Article I of the
Charter after subparagraph (1):

(2) To lessen the burdens of government by providing
affordable housing to persons of moderate incomes and providing
such housing in areas of community deterioration.

¥ - & To combat community deterioration and lessen

neighborhood tensions through the development, ownership,

operation, management, financing, and sale of mixed income

housing and mixed use developments,

12089003
OM 62 2%
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
These purposes may be performed by the Co; poration di
; Corporation directly or may be
Dorened ‘by corporations or other entitig directly controlled by the
4. The Co; int
; boon on does not have members, 90 approval of the
Person, including a porson whose ¢ roval is required under Seftion 48-80-80;
of the Act, other than the Board of Dirsctars of iy Corporation, : i
6 The amendment was i 5
ot incon ree manent duly opt by written consent ofthe Boar a
qs The i i sats .
eed a amendment is to be effective when the: : are filed by
Dated: June 7, 2006 } i
E.D, Latimer, Executive Directur :
sy
ai
f
12136003
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2ZA3FO6C-2C95-47 18-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
RECENTD
Efe AE TENNESSEE
ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT Ep 9: 49
TO THE CHARTER 7001 AN
ae CES, ING. _ RILEY DARRELL
AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOUR 5 * SECRETARY OF STATE
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 48-60-101, et seg. of the Tennessee x
Nonprofit Corporation Act (the “Act”), Affordable Housing Resources, Inc., a o
Tennessee nonprofit corporation, adopts the following articles of amendment to its fa
Charter, which supersede the articles of amendment filed on June 8, 2006:
[rool
1, The name of the corporation is Affordable Housing Resources, Inc. (the n
“Corporation”).
2. The first paragraph of Article II of the Charter is hereby deleted in its
entirety and the following paragraph is inserted in lieu therefore:
“These purposes may be performed by the Corporation directly or
may be performed by corporations or other entities directly controlled by
the Corporation. The corporation is formed for charitable, educational
and scientific purposes, with its primary purpose being to promote the
development of adequate housing for low and moderate income people in
the metropolitan area of and adjacent to the City of Nashville,
Tennessee, and in the State of Tennessee, and to further social welfare
through the relief of the poor and distressed, lessen the burdens of
government, combat community deterioration and lessen neighborhood
tensions, and stabilize communities and neighborhoods by, including,
but without limiting the generality of the foregoing:”
3. The following subparagraphs are added to Article II of the Charter
after subparagraph (f):
(g) To lessen the burdens of government by providing
affordable housing to persons of low and moderate incomes and
providing such housing in areas of community deterioration.
th) To combat community deterioration and lessen
neighborhood tensions through the development, ownership, operation,
management, financing, and sale of mixed income housing and mixed
use developments.
These purposes may be performed by the Corporation directly or may be performed by
corporations or other entities directly controlled by the Corporation.
4. The Corporation does not have members, so approval of the members is
not required.
1-458872.2
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2ZA3FO6C-2C95-47 18-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
#5: The amendment doés not require the approval of any other person,
including a person whose approval is required under Section 48-60-301 of the Act,
other than the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
6. The,amendment was duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation on Tis a ; 2006
7. The amendment is to be effective when these articles are filed by the
Secretary of State. n
a
( S es n
Dated: f ‘LL 2007 a)
vu
&
. D. Latimer, Executive Director “J
1455872.2
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3F06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
Internal Revenue Service Department of the Treasury
Director, Exempt Organizations P.O. Box 2508
Rulings and Agreements Cincinnati, Ohio 45201
Date: =
OCT i? 2007 Person to Contact:
Affordable Housing Resources, Inc. Chadwick A. Kowalczyk
c/o Brett Carter ID# 31-08488
-511 Union St., #2700 Contact Telephone Numbers:
Nashville, TN 37219 877-829-5500 Phone
Federal Identification Number:
58-1857324
~ Dear Taxpayer:
Thank you for the information recently submitted regarding your amendment
to your Charter. We have made it part of your file.
Please let us know about any future changes in the character, purposes,
method of operation, name or address of your organization, This is a
requirement for retaining your exempt status.
Thank you for your cooperation.
Sincerely,
Robert Choi
Director, Exempt Organizations
Rulings and Agreements


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS
OF
AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, INC.
ARTICLE 1
Name and Office
The name of this Corporation is AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, INC. The
principal office of this Corporation is located at 1011 Cherry Street, Nashville, Davidson County,
Tennessee 37203. The Corporation may have offices at such other places, either within or without
the State of Tennessee.
ARTICLE 2
Purpose
The Corporation was formed for charitable, educational, and scientific purposes, with its
primary objective being to promote the development of adequate housing for low and moderate
income people in the metropolitan area of Nashville, Tennessee, and throughout the State of
Tennessee, including, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing:
1. To promote community development through the rehabilitation and construction of
affordable housing and building neighborhoods.
2. To provide planning, designing, financing, processing, construction, sale, and
management for new and rehabilitated housing.
3. To promote research and development ofnew methods of constructing and financing
housing.
4. To provide technical support and encouragement to other persons and entities who
undertake similar activities.
5. To provide activities, information, and resources targeted to home ownership, credit
enhancement, and other counseling services related to obtaining and preserving home
1


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
ownership.

6. To provide financing initiatives, develop an equity fund for such purposes as down
payment and closing costs assistance, and other related activities.

ii To provide relief of the poor and distressed, lessen the burdens of government,
combat community deterioration and lessen neighborhood tensions, and stabilize
communities and neighborhoods.

8. To do all other activities allowed and permitted for a nonprofit corporation under the
laws of the State of Tennessee.

ARTICLE 3
Directors

(a) | The business and property of the Corporation shall be managed and controlled by a
Board of Directors. The Board of Directors serving in office shall serve until the next annual
meeting of the Board or until their elected term has expired, or until the election and qualification
of their respective successors, except as hereinafter otherwise provided for filling vacancies. The
Board of Directors shall have the power to establish advisory committees as they deem needed.

(b) The Chairman shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors from among their
number.

(c) | The Chairman shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors.

(d) At the request of the Chairman, or in the event of his or her absence or disability, an
acting chair shall be appointed by a majority of the members present to perform the duties and
powers and exercise the powers of the Chairman. To the extent authorized by law, the acting chair
shall have such other powers as the Board of Directors may determine and shall perform such other
duties as may be assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors.

2
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
(e) The number of Directors shall not be less than nine nor more than fifteen. Such
number may be increased or decreased by amendment to these Bylaws, in the manner set forth in
Atticle 11. When the number of Directors is decreased by amendment adopted by the Board of
Directors, each Director in office shall serve until his or her term expires, or until his or her
resignation or removal as herein provided. The Corporation is not a membership organization.

(f) Directors shall be divided into three classes with each class consisting of no more
than one-third of the persons on the Board of Directors. Directors in each class shall be elected every
third year and serve for a three (3) year term. Directors may serve successive terms.

(g) | Any Director may resign at any time by giving written notice of such resignation to
the Board of Directors. Directors may be removed from office by an affirmative vote of eighty
percent (80%) of the members of the Board. Directors alleged by authorities to have committed
crimes of moral turpitude may be removed by a majority vote of the Board members. Directors are
automatically removed without a vote by failing to attend three consecutive meetings without just
cause or excuse.

(h) — Any vacancy in the Board of Directors occurring during the year, including a vacancy
created by an increase in the number of Directors made by the Board of Directors, may be filled for
the unexpired portion of the term by the Directors then serving, although less than a quorum, by
affirmative vote of the majority thereof. Any Director so elected by the Board of Directors shall hold
office until the next succeeding annual meeting of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, until
the elected term has expired, or until the election and qualification of a successor.

(i) The annual meeting of the Board of Directors of the Corporation shall be held at any
place within or without the State of Tennessee at a time and on a date determined by the Executive

3
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
Director, for the purpose of electing Directors and officers for the next succeeding year, and for the
transaction of such other business as may properly come before the meeting.

q) Notice of the time, place, and purpose or purposes of the annual meeting shall be
served, either personally, by mail, or by facsimile, not less than three nor more than forty (40) days
before the meeting upon each person who is then serving as a Director.

(k) Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman, and
twenty four (24) hour notice shall be given by email, telephone, or facsimile to all Directors.

(0) Notice of all Directors’ meetings, except as herein otherwise provided, shall be given
by mail to the same at least three days or by telephone, email, or facsimile to the same at least one
day before the meeting to the usual business or residence address of the Director, but such notice
may be waived by any Director. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without
notice at such time and place as shall be determined by the Board. At any meeting at which every
Director shall be present, even though without any notice or waiver thereof, any business may be
transacted.

(m) At all meetings of the Board of Directors, the Chairman, or in his or her absence an
acting chairman chosen by the Directors present, shall preside.

(n) At all meetings of the Board of Directors, or any Committee thereof, a majority of
the Directors or committee members present shall be sufficient to constitute a quorum for the
transaction of business, and the act of a majority of the Directors, or committee members present at ;
any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the Board of Directors or the committee
except as may be otherwise specifically provided by statute or by these Bylaws. A Board member
may appoint a proxy in writing, email or facsimile to attend any meeting and vote in his or her

4
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
behalf. The Executive Director shall not have a vote.

(0) The Directors and officers of the Corporation may be interested directly or indirectly
in any contract relating to or incidental to the operations conducted by the Corporation and may
freely make contracts, enter transactions, or otherwise act for and on behalf of the Corporation,
notwithstanding that they may also be acting as individuals, or as trustees of trusts, or as agents for
other persons or corporations, or may be interested in the same matters as shareholders, directors,
or otherwise; provided, however, that any contract, transaction, or act on behalf of the Corporation
in a matter in which the Directors or officers are personally interested as shareholders, directors, or
otherwise shall be at arm's length and not violate the provisions of the Charter or the laws of the
State of Tennessee against the Corporation's use or application of its funds for private benefit; and
provided further that no contract, transaction, or act shall be taken on behalf of the Corporation if
such contract, transaction, or act is a prohibited transaction, or would result in the denial of the tax
exemption under Section 503 or Section 507 of the Internal Revenue Code and its Regulations as
they now exist or as they may hereafter be amended. Inno event, however, shall any person or other
entity dealing with the Directors or officers be obligated to inquire into the authority of the Directors
and officers to enter into and consummate any contract, transaction, or other action.

(p) Directors shall not receive any stated salary for their services as a Director, but by
resolution of the Board a fixed reasonable sum of expenses of attendance, if any, or both, may be
allowed for attendance at each regular or special meeting of the Board. The Board of Directors shall
have power in its discretion to contract for and to pay to Directors rendering unusual or exceptional
services to the Corporation special compensation appropriate to the value of such services.

(q) All the corporate powers, except such as are otherwise provided for in these Bylaws

5
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
and in the laws of the State of Tennessee, shall be and are hereby vested in and shall be exercised
by the Board of Directors. In addition to the powers and authority vested in the Executive
Committee as established in Article 6 below, the Board of Directors may by general resolution
delegate to committees of their own number, to the Executive Committee, or to officers of the
Corporation, such powers as they may see fit.
ARTICLE-4
Officers

(a) The officers of the Corporation shall be the Executive Director, Secretary, Treasurer,
and such other officers with such powers and duties not inconsistent with these Bylaws as may be
appointed and determined by the Board of Directors. Any two officers may be held by the same
person except those of Executive Director and Secretary.

(b) The other officers shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors from among
such persons as the Board of Directors may see fit, at the annual meeting of the Board of Directors.

(c) In case any office of the Corporation becomes vacant by death, resignation,
retirement, disqualification, or any other cause, the majority of the Directors then in office, although
less than a quorum, may elect an officer to fill such vacancy, and the officer so elected shall hold
office and serve until the term is expired, the first meeting of the Board of Directors after the annual
meeting next succeeding or until the election and qualification of a successor.

(d) The Executive Director shall have and exercise general charge and supervision of the
affairs of the Corporation and shall do and perform such other duties as may be assigned to the
Executive Director by the Board of Directors.

6
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E

(e) The Secretary shall have charge of such books, documents, and papers as the Board
of Directors may determine. He or she shall attend and oversee keeping the minutes of all meetings
of the Board of Directors of the Corporation. He or she may sign with the Chairman or acting
chairman, in the name and on behalf of the Corporation, any contracts or agreements authorized by
the Board of Directors or Executive Committee. He or she shall, in general, perform all the duties
incident to the office of secretary, subject to the control of the Board of Directors and Executive
Committee, and shall do and perform such other duties as may be assigned to him or her by the
Board of Directors or the Executive Committee.

(f) The Treasurer shall report on all funds, property, and securities of the Corporation,
subject to such regulations as may be imposed by the Board of Directors. The Treasurer, or any
other officer of the Corporation, may be required to give bond for the faithful performance of his
or her duties, in such sum and with such sureties as the Board of Directors may require. Such officer
or officers as designated by the Board of Directors shall sign all checks of the Corporation and
promissory notes issued by the Corporation, except in cases where the signing and execution thereof
shall be expressly designated by the Board of Directors or by these Bylaws to some other officer or
agent of the Corporation. The Treasurer shall report on the books of the Corporation for the purpose
of full and accurate account of all money and obligations received and paid or incurred by him for
or on account of the Corporation. The Treasurer shall, in general, perform all the duties incident to
the office of treasurer, subject to the control of the Board of Directors.

(g) Any officer may be removed from office by an affirmative vote of eighty percent
(80%) or more of the Directors present at any regular or special meeting called for that purpose, for
conduct detrimental to the interests of the Corporation, for lack of sympathy with its objectives, or

qf
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
for refusal to render reasonable assistance in carrying out its purposes.
ARTICLE 5
Executive Committee

(a) The Executive Committee assists the Executive Director and Board of Directors. The
Executive Committee shall consist of those persons selected and approved by the Board of Directors.
The initial Executive Committee shall consist of the former Chairman, the current Chairman, the
chairs of the Finance Committee, Governing Committee, and Stakeholder Committee, and the
Executive Director (who is non-voting).

(b) Notice of Executive Committee meetings, except as herein otherwise provided, shall
be given to the same by mail, phone, email or fax at least one (1) day before the meeting to the usual
business or residence address of the Committee member, but such notice may be waived by any
Committee member.

(c) Special meetings of the Executive Committee may be called by the Chairman or Vice-
Chairman and twenty-four (24) hour notice shall be given by telephone, email, or facsimile to each
Committee member.

(d) ‘At all meetings of the Executive Committee, a majority of those present shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of the Committee
members present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the Executive
Committee except as may be otherwise specifically provided by statute or by these bylaws. An
Executive Committee member may appoint a proxy in weriting or facsimile to attend any meeting and
vote in his or her behalf.

8
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E

(e) As delegated by the Board of Directors, the Executive Committee shall oversee the
daily operations, including personnel, of the Corporation. The Committee shall solicit input,
direction and advice from other members of the Board of Directors and shall update the Board of
Directors on a periodic basis of actions and decisions of the Executive Committee.

ARTICLE 6
Other Committees

(a) Other Committees. The Board of Directors may, by resolution adopted by a majority
of the Directors then in office (provided a quorum is present), create such other committees, each
consisting of one (1) or more Directors appointed by the Board, as it may from time to time deem
advisable to perform such general or special duties as may from time to time be delegated to any
such committee by the Board of Directors, subject to the limitations contained in the Tennessee
Nonprofit Corporation Act, or imposed by the Charter, or by these Bylaws. The Board of Directors .
may not delegate to a committee the decision to borrow money, to enter into a merger or acquisition,
to sell any substantial asset, or to sell any asset for less than fair value. The Board of Directors may
designate one or more Directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent
member at any meeting of the committee.

(b) Minutes and Reports. Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its proceedings,
which shall be filed with the Secretary. All action by any committee shall be reported to the Board
of Directors at the next meeting thereof, and, insofar as rights of third parties shall not be affected
thereby, shall be subject to revisions and alteration by the Board of Directors.

(c) Meetings. Except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws or by resolution of the
Board of Directors, each committee shall adopt its own rules governing the time and place of holding

9
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
and the method of calling its meetings and the conduct of its proceedings and shall meet as provided
by such rules, and it shall also meet at the call of any member of the committee. Unless otherwise
provided by such rules or by resolution of the Board of Directors, committee meetings shall be
governed by Article III of these Bylaws.

(d) Term of Office of Committee Members. Each committee member shall serve at the
pleasure of the Board of Directors but not to exceed three (3) years.

(e) Advisory Councils. The Corporation may from time to time establish one or more
Advisory Council(s) to provide such assistance to the Corporation as may be requested by the
Corporation. Any such Advisory Council(s) shall have no rights, powers of responsibility with
respect to the Corporation. A member of any such Advisory Council(s) may, however, undertake
specific projects for the Corporation as may be mutually determined by the Corporation and such
member.

ARTICLE 7
Fiscal Policies

(a) The Corporation shall adopt a calendar year, from January 1 to December 31, for its
accounting and record keeping purposes.

(b) ‘The Board of Directors is empowered to request an accounting at any time by a
majority vote and may set the policy of all financial matters pertaining to the operation of the
Corporation. .

(c) The Board of Directors shall maintain and preserve the principal of the assets held
in this Corporation from time to time in order that the net income to be derived therefrom shall be
10

ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
devoted and applied exclusively for the purposes described above, or for any related activities within
the scope of the purpose of this organization.

(d) Subject to the approval of, and acceptance by the Board of Directors, any other person
or entity may transfer and deliver any kind of property, real or personal, tangible or intangible, to the
Board of Directors, their successors and assigns, by deed, assignment, or will, and such property
shall be held, managed, and disposed of in accordance with the provisions of this Corporation.

(e) Once the principal of the Corporation reaches an amount deemed appropriate by the
Board of Directors for special investment direction, there shall be established a committee of the
Board of Directors known as the Investment Advisory Council. The Investment Advisory Council
shall consist of three (3) members (who may include persons who are not members of the Board of
Directors), all of whom shall be elected by the Board of Directors, and at least (1) of whom shall be
a member of the Board of Directors. Initially, one member shall be elected for a one (1) year term,
one elected for a two (2) year term, and one elected for a three (3) year term, and thereafter, each
member shall serve a two (2) year term. A member may be elected to successive terms, but no
member may serve for more than six (6) consecutive years. In the event of the resignation, death,
or removal of any member of the Council, or in the event the office of a Council member becomes
vacant for any reason, the Board of Directors shall elect a successor to fill such vacancy. The Board
of Directors shall appoint one of the members to serve as Chairperson of the Council for a one (1)
year term. The Chairperson may be elected to successive terms, but no member may serve for more
than two (2) consecutive years as Chairperson. In the event of the resignation, death, or removal of
the Chairperson, or in the event the office of the Chairperson becomes vacant for any reason, the
Board of Directors shal! appoint a successor Chairperson. The duties of the Investment Advisory

11
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
Council shall be to:
(69) supervise the investment of the fund with emphasis on producing income
consistent with preserving the principal of the fund;
(2) _ retain an investment counselor, if they deem it necessary, and determine such
person's compensation;
(3) maintain specific records of the investment of the fund;
(4) make quarterly and annual reports to the Board of Directors;
(5) report to the Board of Directors annually the amount of net income derived
from investment of the principal; and
(6) carry out such other responsibilities as may be directed from time to time by
the Board of Directors.
ARTICLE 8
Prohibition Against Sharing in Corporation Earnings
No director, officer, employee, or any other person connected with the Corporation, or any
other private individual shall receive at any time any of the net earnings or pecuniary profit from the
operations of the Corporation, provided that this shall not prevent the payment to any person of
reasonable compensation for services rendered to or for the Corporation in effecting any of its
purposes as shall be fixed by the Board of Directors; and no such person or persons shall be entitled
to share in the distribution of any of the corporate assets upon the dissolution of the Corporation.
Upon such dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, whether voluntary or
involuntary, the assets of the Corporation, after all debts have been satisfied, then remaining in the
hands of the Board of Directors shall be distributed, transferred, conveyed, delivered, and paid over,
in such amounts as the Board of Directors may determine exclusively to charitable, religious,
scientific, testing for public safety, literary, or educational organizations which would then qualify
under the provisions of Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code and its Regulations as they
now exist or as they may hereafter be amended. No director shall be personally liable for the debts
12


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
of the Corporation.
ARTICLE 9
Investments

The Corporation shall have the right to retain all or any part of any securities or property
acquired by it in whatever manner and to invest and reinvest any funds held by it, according to the
judgment of the Board of Directors, provided, however, that no action shall be taken by or on behalf
of the Corporation if such action is a prohibited transaction or would result in the denial of the tax
exemption under Section 503 or Section 507 of the Internal Revenue Code and its Regulations as
they now exist or as they may hereafter be amended.

ARTICLE 10
Exempt Activities

Notwithstanding any other provision of these Bylaws, no director, officer, employee, or
representative of this Corporation shall take any action or carry on any activity by or on behalf of the
Corporation not permitted to be taken or carried on by an organization exempt under Section
501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code and its Regulation as they now exist or as they may hereafter
be amended, or by an organization to which contributions are deductible under Section 170(c)(2) of
such Code and Regulations as they now exist or as they may hereafter be amended.

ARTICLE 11
Conflicts of Interest
(a) Purpose The purpose of the conflict of interest policy is to protect the interests of
13
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
the Corporation when it is contemplating entering into a transaction or arrangement that might
potentially benefit the private interest of an officer or director of the Corporation or might result in
a possible excess benefit transaction. This policy is intended to supplement but not replace any
applicable state and federal laws governing conflict of interest applicable to nonprofit and charitable
Corporations.

(b) Definitions As used in these Bylaws, the following terms shall be defined to be
interpreted as follows:

1. Interested Person: Any director, officer, or committee member of the

Corporation who is delegated powers, who has a direct or indirect financial

interest, as defined below, is an interested person.

2. Financial Interest: _ A person has a financial interest if the person has,
directly or indirectly, through business, investment, or family:

(6) An ownership or investment interest in any entity with which the
Corporation has a transaction or arrangement,

Gi) | Acompensation arrangement with the Corporation or with any entity
or individual with which the Corporation has a transaction or
arrangement, or

(iii) A potential ownership or investment interest in, or compensation
arrangement with, any entity or individual with which the
Corporation is negotiating a transaction or arrangement.

Compensation includes direct and indirect remuneration as well as gifts or favors that are not
insubstantial.

A financial interest is not necessarily a conflict of interest.

Under Section (b), Item 2, a person who has a financial interest may have a conflict of
interest only if the appropriate Board of Directors or committee decides that a conflict of interest
exists.

14


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
(c) Procedures.

1. Duty to Disclose: In connection with any actual or possible conflict of
interest, an interested person must disclose the existence of the financial
interest and be given the opportunity to disclose all material facts to the
directors and members of committees with Board of Directors delegated
powers considering the proposed transaction or arrangement.

2. Determining Whether a Conflict of Interest Exists: After disclosure of the
financial interest and all material facts, and after any discussion with the
interested person, he/she shall leave the Board of Directors or committee
meeting while the determination of a conflict of interest is discussed and
voted upon. The remaining board or committee members shall decide if a
conflict of interest exists.

3. Procedures for Addressing the Conflict of Interest:

(a) An interested person may make a presentation at the Board of
Directors or committee meeting, but after the presentation, he/she
shall leave the meeting during the discussion of, and the vote on, the
transaction or arrangement involving the possible conflict of interest.

(ii) The chairperson of the Board of Directors or committee shall, if
appropriate, appoint a disinterested person or committee to
investigate alternatives to the proposed transaction or arrangement.

(iii) After exercising due diligence, the Board of Directors or committee
shall determine whether the Corporation can obtain with reasonable
efforts amore advantageous transaction or arrangement from a person
or entity that would not give rise to a conflict of interest.

(iv) Ifa more advantageous transaction or arrangement is not reasonably
possible under circumstances not producing a conflict of interest, the
Board of Directors or committee shall determine by a majority vote
of the disinterested directors whether the transaction or arrangement
is in the Corporation's best interest, for its own benefit, and whether
it is fair and reasonable. In conformity with the above determination
it shall make its decision as to whether to enter into the transaction or
arrangement.

4. Violations of the Conflicts of Interest Policy:

@ If the Board of Directors or committee has reasonable cause to

15


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
believe a member has failed to disclose actual or possible conflicts of
interest, it shall inform the member of the basis for such belief and
afford the member an opportunity to explain the alleged failure to
disclose.
(ii) If, after hearing the member's response and after making further
investigation as warranted by the circumstances, the Board of
Directors or committee determines the member has failed to disclose
an actual or possible conflict of interest, it shall take appropriate
disciplinary and corrective action.
(d) Records of Proceedings The minutes of the Board of Directors and all committees
with board delegated powers shall contain:

1. The names of the persons who disclosed or otherwise were found to have a
financial interest in connection with an actual or possible conflict of interest,
the nature of the financial interest, any action taken to determine whether a
conflict of interest was present, and the Board of Directors's or committee's
decision as to whether a conflict of interest in fact existed.

2: The names of the persons who were present for discussions and votes relating
to the transaction or arrangement, the content of the discussion, including any
alternatives to the proposed transaction or arrangement, and a record of any
votes taken in connection with the proceedings.

(e) Compensation.

1. A voting member of the Board of Directors who receives compensation,
directly or indirectly, from the Corporation for services is precluded from
voting on matters pertaining to that member's compensation.

2. A voting member of any committee whose jurisdiction includes
compensation matters and who receives compensation, directly or indirectly,
from the Corporation for services is precluded from voting on matters
pertaining to that member's compensation.

3. No voting member of the Board of Directors or any committee whose
jurisdiction includes compensation matters and who receives compensation,
directly or indirectly, from the Corporation, either individually or
collectively, is prohibited from providing information to any committee
regarding compensation.

16


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E

(f) Annual Statements. Each director, officer, and member of a committee to which the
Board of Directors delegated powers shall annually sign a statement which affirms such person:

1. Has received a copy of the conflicts of interest policy.

2. Has read and understands the policy.

3. Has agreed to comply with the policy.

4. Understands the Corporation is charitable and educational, and in order to
maintain its federal tax exemption it must engage primarily in activities
which accomplish one or more of its tax-exempt purposes.

(g) Periodic Reviews. To ensure the Corporation operates in a manner consistent with
charitable purposes and does not engage in activities that could jeopardize its tax-exempt status,
periodic reviews shall be conducted. The periodic reviews shall, ata minimum, include the following
subjects:

1, Whether compensation arrangements and benefits are reasonable, based on
competent survey information, and the result of arm's length bargaining.

2. Whether partnerships, joint ventures, and arrangements with management
Corporations conform to the Corporation's written policies, are properly
recorded, reflect reasonable investment or payments for goods and services,
further charitable purposes and do not result in inurement, impermissible
private benefit or in an excess benefit transaction.

(h) Use of Outside Experts. When conducting the periodic reviews as provided for in
this Article 11, the Corporation may, but need not, use outside advisors. If outside experts are used,
their use shall not relieve the Board of Directors of its responsibility for ensuring periodic reviews
are conducted.

ARTICLE 12
Indemnification of Directors and Officers

(a) Indemnification by Corporation.

1. For the purpose of this Article 12, “agent” means any person who is or was

17


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E

a director, officer, employee or other agent of the Corporation, or is or was
serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, or
agent of another foreign or domestic corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust or other enterprise, or was a director, officer, employee or agent of a
foreign or domestic corporation which was a predecessor corporation of the
Corporation or of another enterprise at the request of such predecessor
corporation; “proceeding” means any threatened, pending, or completed
action or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative;
and “expenses” includes without limitation attorneys’ fees and any expenses
of establishing a right to indemnification under Sub-Paragraph (2) or Sub-
Paragraph (3) of this Article 12, Paragraph (a).

2, The Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, indemnify any
person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any
proceeding by reason of the fact that such person is or was an agent of the
Corporation, against expenses, judgments, fines, settlements and other
amounts actually and reasonably incurred in connection with such
proceeding.

35 In the event entitlement to indemnification is required by law to be based
upon a determination by the Board of Directors that the agent has met the
standards of conduct prescribed by law, the agent may select which body
shall, or that both bodies shall, make such determination, and such body shall
meet and shall reach a determination on the issue within a reasonable period
of time after request for such body to meet is received by the Corporation
from the agent.

4. To the extent that an agent of the Corporation has been successful on the
merits in defense of any proceedings referred to in Subparagraphs 2 and 3
above, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, the agent shall be
indemnified against expenses actually and reasonably incurred by the agent
in connection therewith.

5s Except as provided in Subparagraph 4 above, any indemnification under this
Article 12 shall be made by the Corporation only if authorized in the specific
case, under a determination that indemnification of the agent is proper in the
circumstances because the agent has met the applicable standard of conduct
set forth in Subparagraphs 2 and 3 above, by:

@) A majority vote of a quorum consisting of Directors who are not
parties to such proceeding;
Gi) The court in which such proceeding is or was pending upon
18
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
application made by the Corporation or the agent or the attorney or
other person rendering services in connection with the defense,
whether or not such application by the agent, attorney, or other person
is opposed by the Corporation.

6. No indemnification or advance shall be made under this Article II, except as
provided in Subparagraph 4 or Subparagraph 5 above, in any circumstance
where it appears:

(i) That it would be inconsistent with a provision of the Charter, the
Bylaws, a resolution of the Board of Directors or an agreement in
effect at the time of the accrual of the alleged cause of action asserted
n the proceeding in which the expenses were incurred or other
amounts were paid, which prohibits or otherwise limits
indemnification; or

(ii) — That it would be inconsistent with any condition expressly imposed
by a court in approving a settlement.

(b) Advancing Expenses. The Corporation may advance to each agent the expenses
incurred in defending any proceeding referred to in Article 12 of these Bylaws prior to the final
disposition of such proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the agent to repay
such amount unless it shall be determined ultimately that the agent is entitled to be indemnified as
authorized in Article 12 of these Bylaws.

(c) Insurance. The Corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on
behalf of any agent of the Corporation against any liability asserted against or incurred by the agent
in such capacity or arising out of the agent’s status as such whether or not the Corporation would
have the power to indemnify the agent against such liability under the provisions of this section;
provided, however, that the Corporation shall have no power to purchase and maintain such
insurance to indemnify any agent of the Corporation for a violation of laws pertaining to self-dealing
transactions.

ARTICLE 13
Amendments
19


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
These Bylaws may be amended by a majority vote of the Board of Directors at any special
or regular meeting of the Board, provided that written notice of the proposed amendment has been
given to all Directors at least one week in advance of the meeting.
Certified as the official Bylaws of AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, INC.
Secretary
20


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
Affordable Housing Resources
Documents for 2022 Recertification
HUD Secondary Financing
1. IRS Tax Exempt Status.
a. IRS Letter of Determination
b. EIN
58-1857324
c. Certification
| certify that:
e Affordable Housing Resources approval for tax exemption has not been modified or revoked by
the IRS
e The program activities that Affordable Housing Resources seeks FHA approval to participate in
are consistent with the activities and purposes for which the IRS granted tax exempt status.
e There have been no substantial or material changes.
"WARNING: HUD will prosecute false claims and statements. Conviction may result in criminal and/or
civil penalties. (18 U.S.C. 1001, 1010, y) 31,U.S.C. 3729, 3802)."
* La 7/19/22
E. D. Latimer Date
CEO of AHR


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
A a A AFFORDABLE HOUSING
MMBresources, inc
Affordable Housing Resources
Documents for 2018 Recertification
HUD Secondary Financing

1.IRS Tax Exempt Status.

a. IRS Letter of Determination

b. EIN

58-1857324

c Certification
t certify that:

e Affordable Housing Resources approval for tax exemption has not been modified or revoked by

the IRS
e The program activities that Affordable Housing Resources seeks FHA approval to participate in
are consistent with the activities and purposes for which the IRS granted tax exempt status.

e There have been no substantial or materia! changes.
“WARNING: HUD will prosecute false claims and statements, Conviction may result in criminal and/or
civil penalties. (18 U.S.C. 1001, / 1012; 31 U.S.C. 3729, 3802)."
E. D. Latimer Date
CEO of AHR

™ ms 50 VANTAGE WAY, SUITE 107 cr
NeighborWorks: NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE 37228 GSBhaURy De EDOPMENT
CHARTERED MEMBER PHONE 615-251-0025 FAX 615-256-9836 FINANCIAL INSTITUTION


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
Internal Revenue Service Department of th e Treasury
" « District Director
Cc - 1136
ATLANTAr GA 30301
Datei Enployer Identification Niember:
oct 2 7 1999 58-1957324
Contact Person’
. ROBERTA VAN METER
AFFORDABLE HOUSING OF NASHVTILE INC Contact Telephone Number}
172 SECOND AVENUE NORTH (404) 331-4999
NASHVILLE? TN 37219 : '
Accounting Period Ending?
Oacember 31 :
Foundation Status Classification:
509(a) (1) ;
Advance Ruling Period Begins:
June iS* 1969
we Advance Ruling Feriod Ends}
December 31+ 1999
Addendum Applies}
No
a
De@sr Applicant?! -
‘a Based on information supplied: and assuming your operations will be as
stated in your application for recagnition of axenptians wa have determinad yo
are exempt from Federal income tax under section 501(a) of the Internal
Revenue Code as an organization dascribad in section S01(c)¢(3),

Because you are a newly created organization: we are not now making «6
final determination of your foundation status undar saction 50%¢a) of tha Coda:
Howevere we have determined that you can reasonably be expected to be a public
Ty supported organization described in sections 5O9¢ad(1) and 170(bdIC1ICA) Evid

Accordinglyr you will be treated as a publicly supported organization:
anid not as @ private foundation» during an advance ruling pariod, This
advance ruling period begins and ends on the dates shown above.

Within 70 days after the end of your advance ruling pariods you must
submit to us informetion needed to determine whether you have met the require-
aants of the applicsble support test during the advanee ruling Pariod. Tf you
establish that you have been a publicly supported organization: you will be
Classified as a saction 509(a)(1) or 509(a)(2) organization as. long as you cor
tinue to meet the requirements of the applicable support test. If you do not
aent the public support requiranments during the advance ruling periods you, wil
be classified as a private foundation for future periods. Also» if you are
classified as a privata foundations you will be treatad as a Private foundatic
fron the date of your inception for purposes of sections 507(d) and 4940,

Grantors and contributors may realy on the dotermination that you ara not
private foundation until 90 days after the end of your advance ruling periogd.,
Tf you submit thea required information within tha 90 daytr) grantors and contr.
butors may continue to rely on the advance determination until the Service
makes a firral datermination of your foundation status, ;

Letter 1045(00/C6)
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
'
» i a
=2?-
AFFORDABLE HOUSING OF NASHVILLE INC

Tf notice that you will mo longer be treated #8 a publicly supported or-
genization is published in the Internal Revenue Bulletins grantors and con-
tributors may mot rely on this determination after the date of such publice-
tions In additions if you lose your status as a publicly suppor ted organize~
tion and @ grantor or contributor was responsible fore or wes aware of: the act
or failure to actr that resulted in your loss of such status: that parson may
not rely on this determination from the date of the act or failure to act.
Alsor if @ grantor or contributor learned that the Service had given noticn
thet you would be removed from classification as a publicly supported organiza-
tionr than that parson may not rely on this determination as of the date such
knowledge was acquired. Z

If your sources of supports or your purpases: charecterr or psethod of

operation changer please Lot us know so we can consider the affect of the
change on your exempt status ond foundation status. In the case of an amend-
nent to your organizational document or bylaws: plaaese send us @ copy :of the
amended document or bylaws. Algor you should inform us of all changes in your
name or address. %
/ As of January is 1984* you are liable for taxes under the Federal Insur-
ance Contributions Act (secial security taxes) on remuneration of $100 or gore
you pay to each of your eaployees during a calendar year. You are not liadle
for the tax imposed under the Federal Unemployment Tax Act (FUTA).

Organizations that are not private foundations are not subject to the pri
vate foundation excise taxes under Chapter 42 of the Code. Howevers you ara
not autoaatically exempt from other Federal excise taxes. If you have any
quastions abount excises eaployrenty or other Fadersl taxesr please let us
know.

Donors may deduct contributions to you as provided in section 176 of the
Codes. Bequests, lagaciesr devises, transfers» or gifts to you or far your usa
are deductible for Federal estate and gift.tax purposes if they meet the appli
cable provisions of sections 20552 2106» and 2522 of the Code.

ae >,

conte ibuts@e deductions are allowable to donors only to the extent that
their contributiains are gifts: with no consideration received. Tichat pur-
chases and siaij’ar payaents in conjunction with fundraising events may not
necessarily qualify ew deductible contributions: depending on the cireva-
stances. See Revenue Ruling 67-246; published in Cumulative Bulletin 1947-2»
on page 104) which sats forth guidelines regarding tha deductibility: as chari
table contributions: of payaents made by taxpayers far adaission to or other
participation in fundraising activities for charity.

You are required to file Form 970+ Return of Organization Exenpt Fron
Income Tax» only if your gross racaipts each yaar ara normally more than
$25:000. Howeverr if you receive a Form 990 package in the mail, please file
the raturn evan if you da not excnad the gross receipts test. If are not re-
quired to filer simply attach the Lebel provideds cheek the box in the heading

Lettmr 1045(00/C6)
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
=
of wy
=3-
AFFORDABLE HOUSING OF NASHVTLLE INC
ta indicate that your annual gross receipts are normally $251000 or less: and
sign the return.

If a return is required: it must be filed by the 15th day of the fifth
month after tha and of your annual accounting pariod., A panalty of $10 a day
is charged when a return is filed late: unless there is reasonable cause for
ths delay» Howevare the maximum panalty charged cannot gxemod 651000 or § par-
cent of your gross receipts for the yearr whichever is lese. This penalty nay
aiso be charged if a return is not complater so please be sure your raturn is
coapicte before you file it,

You are not required to file Federal income tax retyrns unless you are
subjact to the tex on unrelated husiness income undar saction $41 of tha Coda,
If you sre subject to this taxr you must file an income tax return on Form
990-Ts Exaapt Organization Business Income Tax Return, In this lettar we are
not determining whether any of your present or proposed activities are unre-
lated trade nr business as definnd in section 513 of tha Coda. eg

e

You necd an employer identification nuaber even if you have no esployecs.
Tf an employer identification numbar was not antered on your applications 5
shuaber will be sasigned to you and you will be advised of it. Please use that
nueabaer on all returns you file end in all corraspondencn with the Intarnal
Revenue Service,

If we have indicated in the heading of this letter that an addendua
appliase tha addendum anclosad is an integral part of this lnttar,

Because thin letter could help resolve any questions about your exempt
Status and foundation statuar you should heap it in your parnanant records.

If yay have any questions: please contact the person whose name and
telephone numbor are shown in the heading of this latter,

incerely yours:
Sage a a Ad Se 7 Neen yee laa ae
: “Ne % mu
Saas : Paul Willioos
t » District Director

Enclosura(s)$
Form §72-C
‘ ketter 1045(00/C8)


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
i li CCRNAL REVENUE SERVICE DEFARTHENT OF
WE RICT DIRECTOR THE TREASURY
aot We PEACHTREE ST. NW
ATLANTAs GA 30365
Sapleyer Identificstiun Number}
Dato? may Og [998 38-1857324
Csze Numbers
384089116
AFFORDABLE HOUSING OF NASHVILLE, Contact Persont
TNCs LORETTA HAMILTON
212 CAPITOL BLVD Contact Telephgne Nuaber!
NASHVILLE? TN 937219 (404) 331-0927
Our Letter Dated:
i Qctober 277 1989 “4
Addendus Applies! .
Yes 4
Dear Applicant;
= This modifies our letter of the abave date in which we stated that you
would be treated as an organization thet is not a private foundation until th
expiration of your advance tuling period, B
Your exeapt status under saction 501i(a) of the Internal Revenue Code 8S an
organization described in section 501(c)(3) is still in effect, R&ssed on the
information you subsittedr wa have determined that you are not @ private
foundation within the geaning of section 509(a) of the Code because you are an
opgenizstion of the type described in section 50%{a)¢1) and 170(b) C4) CA CLD,
Grantors and contributors say rely on this determination unless the
Internal Revenue Service publishes notice to the contrary, Howevery if you
lose your section 509(a)(1) status, @ grantor or contributor may not tely on
this determination if he or she was in part responsible fory or was aware of, ;
the act or failure to act: or the substantial or naterial change an the pert of
the organization that resulted in your loss of such status, or if he or she
acquired knowledge that the Internal Revenue Service had given notice that you
would mo longer be classified as a section 509¢a)(1) organization,
If we have indicated in the heeding of this letter that an addendum
applies» the addendus enclosed is an integral part af this letter,
Becsuse this letter could help resolve. any questions shout vour private
fotndatian statusr please keep it in your sermanent records, ,
’
2
1
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3F06C-2C95-47 18-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
AFFORDAGLE HOUSING OF NASHVILLE:
If you have sny questions, please contact the person whose mane and
telephane nuaber argo shown sbove,
Sincerely yourss
Nelson A. Brooke ,
District Director
Enclosure? i .
Addendum
a
s
tawtee, came MAT Be


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3F06C-2C95-47 18-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
ra
7 ~3-
AFFORDABLE HOUSING OF NASHVILLE:
Your classification as an organization geccribed in sections 170 CD) C1) aye 1)
and 5OF(s) C1) of the Code is contingent upon you continuing to mse® the ui a
support requirements of these Code sections. Please refer to Pub Rication 3579
page 20) for further details concerning these requirements. If your Sources t
support change significantly in the futures you should notify your Key eiedce
Director so that we can consider the effect if any on your faundatdon Prt sila
i J
,
7
a


Docusign Envelope ID: D2ZA3FO6C-2C95-47 18-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
ie a. DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY
F- tee INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE
= oS IS Mall Stop 1112, PO Box 12307
io Ogden, UT 84442
rh 3 OS
OVERNMENT ENTITIES
DIVISION
"0b
Affordable Housing Resources fp ate? DATE OF THIS NOTICE: JI 2 7 2006
1011 Cherry Avenue :
Nashville, TN 37203 CONTAGT PERSONID NUMBER:
Kent Beyar/29-81262
CONTACT TELEPHONE NUMBERS:
: Toll Free 1-877-787-2601
Fax: 1-801-620-2432
Employer Identification Number. 58-1857324
Tax Period(s) Ended: December 31 , 2003
Form(s): 990 .
Dear Sir or Madam:
We are please to inform you that our examination for the above period(s) disclosed that
your organization continues to qualify for exemption from Federal income tax.
Accordingly, we have accepted your return(s) as filed. .
If you have any questions, please call the contact person at the telephone number
shown in the heading of this letter, If you write, please provide.a telephone number and
the most convenient time to call if we need to contact you.
Thank you for your cooperation.
Sincerely;
Marsha A. Ramirez
Director, EO Examinations
Letter 3594 (04-2002)
Catalog Number 347827
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
AHR’s 2021-2022 Community Building and Equity Growth Program
And Involving the Local Community in AHR’s Housing Developments
As part of AHR’s Community Building Program, AHR’s Board does hereby decree on this 24th day of March 2021, in a motion by
__David Crane__and seconded by _Amy Delk __ formally adopt this Plan as its official strategy for involving the Community in its
housing developments in keeping with NeighborWorks and CHDO requirements. As a NeighborWorks Organization and an original
CHDO in Nashville, AHR’s board maintains at least thirty percent of its board to be representatives from the low income
communities. This allows the low income community to always have a voice in AHR’s development, lending and homebuyer
education programs. Specifically, AHR follows these steps to involve the local community in its housing developments:

1. AHR’s underlining purpose is to offer lower income persons and families the opportunity to develop equity
through homeownership. Homeownership is the primary way most Americans develop equity. AHR will offer
this opportunity to all applicants in keeping with Fair Housing regulations but AHR will also focus on communities
and people of color.

2. AHR begins looking at any possible new housing development by locating land in a proposed community that fit
into AHR’s Strategic Plan. AHR talks with the owners of the property(s) to determine interest in selling and price.
AHR will then determine if the property is priced to allow the homes to be sold at an affordable price.

3. AHR ensures that the zoning will allow the proposed housing development. If the zoning needs to be changed
AHR will establish the timeline for this change and the steps needed to accomplish this should the project move
forward.

4. AHR staff present the project to AHR’s board for their recommendation to proceed or not.

5. Once the feasibility of the project is determined, AHR’s first step is to meet with the neighborhood association,
individuals from the neighborhood and other stakeholders in the neighborhood to share the concept of the
proposed development. AHR solicits their thoughts and input on the location, design, affordability goals and
type of product. This input is shared with AHR’s architect and development team to ensure their ideas are
implemented when feasible. During this time AHR will also put the property under contract (if not already) and
begin addressing any zoning issues.

6. AHR will also meet with the neighborhood's Councilperson to share the proposed development. This allows the
Councilperson to also offer input on the concept, home plans, how it addresses the street and gives us a chance
to discuss any zoning issues. AHR will also meet with other Councilpersons to gain their support of the
development.

7. Asthe development progresses AHR will continue to meet with the community association, residents, and
elected officials providing updates, soliciting input on challenges, offering information on employment
opportunities and how to buy a home. AHR will continue to meet with other neighborhood stakeholders to
discuss how AHR could join them in addressing various issues facing the community (such as health, crime, food,
etc). AHR will invite the residents and stakeholders to the various groundbreaking, ribbon cutting and other
events related to the development.

This formal process for involving the neighborhood in AHR’s developments was re-adopted March 24, 2021 via a vote by AHR’s
board.
CEO Board Secretary


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-47 18-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, INC.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Information
December 31, 2021 and 2020
(With Independent Auditors’ Report Thereon)
[aa BR MA ( : MAKE A GOOD
BUSINESS BETTI


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, INC.
Table of Contents
Page

Independent Auditors' Report 1-3
Financial Statements:

Statements of Financial Position 4

Statements of Activities and Changes in Net Assets 5-6

Statements of Functional Expenses 7-8

Statements of Cash Flows 9

Notes to the Financial Statements 10-21
Supplementary Information:

Schedule of Expenditures of Federal Awards 22

Notes to the Schedule of Expenditures of Federal Awards 23
Independent Auditors’ Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

and on Compliance and Other Matters Based on an Audit of Financial

Statements Performed in Accordance with Government Auditing Standards 24-25
Independent Auditors’ Report on Compliance For Each Major Federal Program

and on Internal Control Over Compliance Required by the Uniform

Guidance 26 - 28
Schedule of Findings and Questioned Costs and Schedule of Prior Audit Findings 29
Schedules of Financial Position and Changes in Net Assets - Neighborhood

Reinvestment Revolving Loan and Capital Projects Fund (Net Assets with Donor

Restrictions) 30


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
| BR M, ( } MAKE A GOOD
BUSINESS 8
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT
The Board of Directors
Affordable Housing Resources, Inc.:
Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying financial statements of Affordable Housing Resources, Inc. (the
"Agency"), which comprise the statements of financial position as of December 31, 2021 and 2020,
and the related statements of activities and changes in net assets, functional expenses and cash
flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the financial statements.
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
the Agency as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the changes in its net assets and its cash flows for
the years then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United
States of America and the standards applicable to financial audits contained in Government Auditing
Standards, issued by the Comptroller General of the United States. Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial
Statements section of our report. We are required to be independent of the Agency and to meet our
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our
audits. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
basis for our audit opinions.
Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the
design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair
presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
or error.
In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are
conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Agency's
ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are
available to be issued.


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report
that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute
assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with generally
accepted auditing standards and Government Auditing Standards will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered
material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence
the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the financial statements.
In performing an audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and Government
Auditing Standards, we:

e Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.

° Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether
due to fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks.
Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements.

° Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of
expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Agency's internal control. Accordingly,
no such opinion is expressed.

e Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of
significant accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall
presentation of the financial statements.

e Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the
aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Agency's ability to continue as a going
concern for a reasonable period of time.

We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other
matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal
control related matters that we Identified during the audit.
Supplementary Information
Our audits were conducted for the purpose of forming an opinion on the financial statements as a
whole. The accompanying schedule of expenditures of federal awards, as required by Title 2 U.S. Code
of Federal Regulations Part 200, Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit
Requirements for Federal Awards, is presented for purposes of additional analysis and is not a
required part of the financial statements. Such information is the responsibility of management and
was derived from and relates directly to the underlying accounting and other records used to prepare
the financial statements. The information has been subjected to the auditing procedures and certain
additional procedures, including comparing and reconciling such information directly to the
underlying accounting and other records used to prepare the financial statements or to the financial
statements themselves, and other additional procedures in accordance with auditing standards
generally accepted in the United States of America. In our opinion, the schedule of expenditures of
federal awards is fairly stated in all material respects in relation to the financial statements as a
whole.

ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
Other Reporting Required by Government Auditing Standards
In accordance with Government Auditing Standards, we have also issued our report dated June 22,
2022 on our consideration of the Agency's internal control over financial reporting and on our tests of
its compliance with certain provisions of laws, regulations, contracts, and grant agreements and other
matters. The purpose of that report is solely to describe the scope of our testing of internal control
over financial reporting and compliance and the results of that testing, and not to provide an opinion
on the effectiveness on internal control over financial reporting or on compliance. That report is an
integral part of an audit performed in accordance with Government Auditing Standards in considering
the Agency's internal control over financial reporting and compliance.
LBM, PL
Brentwood, Tennessee
June 22, 2022


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, INC.
Statements of Financial Position
December 31, 2021 and 2020
Assets
2021 2020
Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,641,297 $ 349,780 :
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 2,503,496 1,725,094
Restricted certificates of deposit - 481,337
Grants and accounts receivable 245,900 477,924
Prepaid expenses and other current assets 58,044 44,551
Investment in joint venture 250,000 250,000
Receivable from joint venture 1,741,121 152,962
Notes receivable, net of allowance for uncollectible notes of
$629,658 and $618,095 as of December 31, 2021 and 2020,
respectively 12,989,588 12,415,959
Property, buildings and equipment, net 661,627 686,708
Property held for sale 3,946,741 4,394,809
Total assets $__ 24,037,814 $ 20,979,124
Liabilities and Net Assets
Accounts payable $ 195,871 $ 95,065
Accrued expenses 69,883 35,628
Agency payable 838,550 1,377,800
Notes payable and lines of credit 3,026,534 2,259,128
Liabilities before equity equivalent obligations 4,130,838 3,767,621
Other liabilities - equity equivalent obligations 13,786,791 13,689,666
Total liabilities 17,917,629 17,457,287
Net assets:
Without donor restrictions 2,346,583 1,352,889
With donor restrictions 3,773,602 2,168,948
Total net assets 6,120,185 3,521,837
$__ 24,037,814 $ 20,979,124
See accompanying notes to the financial statements.
4
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3F06C-2C95-47 18-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, INC.
Statements of Activities and Changes in Net Assets
Year ended December 31, 2021
Without Donor With Donor
Restrictions Restrictions Total
Support and revenues:
Public support:
Grants - NeighborWorks America $ 540,326 $ - $ 540,326
Other contributions and grants 623,479 2,047,421 2,670,900
Total public support 1,163,805 2,047,421 3,211,226
Program revenue:
Rental income 34,733 - 34,733
Counseling and mortgage fees 140,607 - 140,607
Loan interest income 332,398 - 332,398
Developer fees 195,000 - 195,000
Other interest income 11,171 - 11,171
Total program revenue 713,909 : 713,909
Total public support and revenues 1,877,714 2,047,421 3,925,135
Expenses:
Program services -
Low-income housing assistance 1,746,588 - 1,746,588
Supporting services -
Management and general 306,202 - 306,202
Total expenses 2,052,790 - 2,052,790
Change in net assets from operations (175,076) 2,047,421 1,872,345
Other changes in net assets:
Net assets released from restrictions 442,767 (442,767) -
Gain on sale of property, buildings, and
equipment and property held for sale 664,131 - 664,131
Gain on extinguishment of debt 48,678 - 48,678
Other income 13,194 - 13,194
Total other changes in net assets 1,168,770 (442,767) 726,003
Change in net assets 993,694 1,604,654 2,598,348
Net assets at beginning of year 1,352,889 2,168,948 3,521,837
Net assets at end of year $_ 2,346,583 $__ 3,773,602 $__ 6,120,185
See accompanying notes to the financial statements.
° ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3F06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, INC.
Statements of Activities and Changes in Net Assets
Year ended December 31, 2020
Without Donor With Donor
Restrictions Restrictions Total
Support and revenues:
Public support:
Grants - NeighborWorks America $ 514,497 $ - $ 514,497
In-kind donations of property 1,083,700 - 1,083,700
Other contributions and grants 1,411,821 - 1,411,821
Total public support 3,010,018 - 3,010,018
Program revenue:
Rental income 19,999 - 19,999
Counseling and mortgage fees 274,259 - 274,259
Loan interest income 327,323 - 327,323
Other interest income 11,107 - 11,107
Total program revenue 632,688 - 632,688
Total public support and revenues 3,642,706 - 3,642,706
Expenses:
Program services -
Low-income housing assistance 1,665,348 - 1,665,348
Supporting services -
Management and general 293,351 : 293,351
Total expenses 1,958,699 - 1,958,699
Change in net assets from operations 1,684,007 - 1,684,007
Other changes in net assets:
Release from restriction 457,148 {457,148) -
Gain on sale of property, buildings, and
equipment and property held for sale 137,686 - 137,686
Gain on extinguishment of debt 30,169 - 30,169
Total other changes in net assets 625,003 (457,148) 167,855
Change in net assets 2,309,010 (457,148) 1,851,862
Net assets (deficit) at beginning of year (956,121) 2,626,096 1,669,975
Net assets at end of year $_1,352,889 $__2,168,948 $__ 3,521,837
See accompanying notes to the financial statements.
6
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, INC.
Statement of Functional Expenses
Year ended December 31, 2021
Supporting
Program Services Services
Low-Income
Housing Management and
Assistance General Totals

Advertising and communication $ 58,869 $ 8,797 $ 67,666
Automobile 14,033 2,097 16,130
Contract labor 75,544 11,288 86,832
Depreciation 24,856 3,390 28,246
Repairs and maintenance 40,139 5,998 46,137
Direct expenses of developed properties 98,290 - 98,290
Insurance 16,402 2,237 18,639
Interest 1,278 - 1,278

Direct expenses for disaster relief and
COVID-19 related assistance programs 830,567 - 830,567
Occupancy and rental 65,788 9,830 75,618
Office expenses 39,982 5,974 45,956
Payroll and related costs 377,372 241,642 619,014
Professional fees 73,054 10,916 83,970
Taxes, licenses and fees 5,158 771 5,929
Training 3,427 - 3,427
Travel and entertainment 14,411 2,153 16,564
Utilities 7,418 1,109 8,527
$ 1,746,588 $ 306,202 $ 2,052,790

See accompanying notes to the financial statements.
’ ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, INC.
Statement of Functional Expenses
Year ended December 31, 2020
Supporting
Program Services Services
Low-Income
Housing Management and
Assistance General Totals

Advertising and communication $ 43,576 S$ 6,511 § 50,087,
Automobile 12,425 1,857 14,282
Contract labor 64,604 9,654 74,258
Depreciation 20,037 2,732 22,769
Repairs and maintenance 38,174 5,704 43,878
Direct expenses of developed properties 73,086 - 73,086
Insurance 16,776 2,288 19,064
Interest 8,284 - 8,284

Direct expenses for disaster relief and
COVID-19 related assistance programs 728,684 - 728,684
Occupancy and rental 65,735 9,822 75,557
Office expenses 61,821 9,238 71,059
Payroll and related costs 379,471 237,538 617,009
Professional fees 37,707 5,634 43,341
Provision for uncollectible notes 96,000 - 96,000
Taxes, licenses and fees 2,580 386 2,966
Training 3,087 - 3,087
Travel and entertainment 9,659 1,443 11,102
Utilities 3,642 544 4,186
$ 1,665,348 $ 293,351 $ 1,958,699

See accompanying notes to the financial statements.
8
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, INC.
Statements of Cash Flows
Years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020
2021 2020
Cash flows from operating activities:
Change in net assets $ 2,598,348 $ 1,851,862
Adjustments to reconcile change in net assets to net cash provided by
operating activities:
Depreciation 28,246 22,769
Provision for uncollectible notes receivable, net of recoveries 11,563 96,000
Gain on extinguishment of debt (48,678) (30,169)
In-kind contributions of property - {1,083,700)
Gain on sale of property, buildings, and equipment and property held
for sale (664,131) (137,686)
(Increase) decrease in operating assets:
Grants and accounts receivable 232,024 (398,093)
Receivable from joint venture (1,588,159) (61,006)
Prepaid expense and other assets (13,493) (20,225)
Increase (decrease) in operating liabilities:
Accounts payable 100,806 (18,418)
Accrued liabilities 34,255 (7,222)
Total adjustments (1,907,567) (1,637,750)
Net cash provided by operating activities 690,781 214,112
Cash flows from investing activities:
Proceeds from sale of property, buildings, and equipment and property
held for sale 3,253,492 933,479
Purchases of property, buildings and equipment (4,256) (308,690)
Purchases of property held for sale (2,140,202) (1,095,536)
Purchases of certificates of deposit and reinvested interest - (10,261)
Redemptions of certificates of deposit 481,337 238,058
Advances of notes receivable (1,839,894) (2,450,502)
Collections from notes receivable 715,452 340,202
Net cash provided (used) by investing activities 465,929 2,353,250)
Cash flows from financing activities:
Proceeds from notes payable and lines of credit 1,616,231 600,102
Payments of notes payable and lines of credit (848,825) (358,234)
Proceeds from equity equivalent obligations 250,000 711,000
Repayments of equity equivalent obligations (104,197) -
Net cash provided by financing activities 913,209 952,868
Increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 2,069,919 (1,186,270)
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents at beginning of
year 2,074,974 3,261,144
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents at end of year $ 4,144,793 $ 2,074,874
Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash to the accompanying statements of financial position:
2021 2020
Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,641,297 $ 349,780
Restricted cash and cash equivalents 2,503,496 1,725,094
Total $ 4,144,793 $. 2,074,874
See accompanying notes to the financial statements.
° ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, INC.
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020
(1) Nature of activities
Affordable Housing Resources, Inc. (the "Agency") was chartered in 1989 as a Tennessee not-for-
profit corporation. The purpose of the Agency is to “create affordable housing and strong
neighborhoods" by increasing home ownership opportunities for families and individuals who
are unable to obtain assistance through traditional public and private funding sources in the
greater Nashville area. The Agency is supported principally by service fees, sale of single-family
homes, private and public contributions and grants from the U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development through the Metropolitan Development and Housing Agency ("MDHA"), the
Tennessee Housing Development Agency ("THDA") and the Neighborhood Reinvestment
Corporation, dba NeighborWorks’ America ("NWA").
The following program and supporting services are included in the accompanying financial
statements:
Low-Income Housing Assistance - includes various lending and development programs. The
loan products include down payment and closing cost assistance loans and construction
financing for single-family properties. Home-ownership programs include promoting home-
ownership opportunities in Nashville, Tennessee, development of quality new affordable
housing, acquisition and rehabilitation of single family properties, land acquisition and
development, consumer home buyer education to prepare new homeowners, and
developing community leadership programs.
During 2021 and 2020, the Agency received certain governmental and other grants to
provide assistance to victims of natural disasters in the Middle Tennessee area for home
repairs and to provide housing assistance to those impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Management and General - includes the functions necessary to ensure an adequate working
environment and costs not identifiable with a single program or fund-raising activity,
including costs associated with providing coordination and articulation of the Agency's
program strategy, business management, general record keeping, budgeting and related
” purposes.
(2) Summary of significant accounting policies
The financial statements of the Agency are presented on the accrual basis. The significant
accounting policies followed are described below.
(a) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, and cash equivalents and certificates of
deposit
The Agency considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of less than three
months to be cash equivalents.
10
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, INC.
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020

Additionally, at December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Agency had cash, cash equivalents and
certificates of deposit restricted for future investments in income producing properties and
mortgage loans.

(b) Grants and accounts receivable and provision for uncollectible items
The Agency reports grants and accounts receivable, net of an allowance for doubtful
accounts, at the amount which represents management's estimate of the amount that
ultimately will be realized. The Agency reviews the adequacy of its allowance for
uncollectible accounts on an ongoing basis, using historical payment trends, as well as
review of specific accounts, and makes adjustments in the allowance as necessary. As of
December 31, 2021 and 2020, no allowance for- doubtful accounts was considered
necessary.

(c) Notes receivable and provision for uncollectible items
The Agency holds various notes receivable under programs in conjunction with its defined
mission. These notes are secured by the properties for which the loans were originally
provided to purchase or assist with the down payment and are due to the Agency upon sale
of the related property. Notes receivable are considered impaired when, based on current
information, it is probable that all amounts or a portion of principal and interest due will not
be collected according to the terms of the note agreement. Generally, a note receivable is
considered impaired when the individual debtor cannot be located or has declared
bankruptcy. The allowance for uncollectible notes is established by charges to program
services expense and is maintained at an amount which management believes will be
adequate to absorb losses on existing loans. Uncollectible loans are charged to the
allowance account in the period in which such a determination is made.

(d) Property, buildings and equipment
Property, buildings and equipment additions, major renewals and betterments are recorded
at cost at the date of purchase, at fair value on the date of gift if the value is readily
determinable, or other reasonable basis, as determined by the Board of Directors, if cost is
unknown. Depreciation is computed by using the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of the assets. When property is retired or sold, the cost and the related
accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts, and the resulting gain or loss is
included in changes in net assets.

(e) Property held for sale
Property held for sale is recorded at the lower of cost or fair market value. The Agency's
management has approved a plan to sell its existing housing and commercial development
properties. As a result, the assets have been classified as property held for sale at December
31, 2021 and 2020 and includes properties in the process of being constructed for sale as
well as completed properties.

" ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, INC.
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020
(f) Joint venture
During 2019, the Agency entered into an unincorporated joint venture agreement with a
third party to develop single bedroom low-income housing units. Subject to the agreement,
the other joint venture partner transferred land to be used for development of the project
to the joint venture and the Agency invested $250,000 cash in exchange for a 50%
ownership interest. Under the terms of the joint venture, the Agency is responsible for
managing the project and obtaining financing: As such, the Agency obtained a construction
line of credit with a bank for up to $2,000,000, which was amended during 2020 for up to
$2,800,000, to fund development costs that is available through August 2022. All costs
incurred by the Agency on behalf of the joint venture are recorded as a receivable from the
joint venture in the accompanying statement of financial position. The line of credit is
secured by the underlying constructed property. Approximately $1,600,000 and $193,000
was outstanding on the line of credit at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Once the
development project is complete and all housing units are sold, the related line of credit or
other loans will be repaid and the joint venture parties will be reimbursed for any additional
cash contributions made to the project prior to distribution of any remaining profits, which
shall be shared equally between the Agency and the other joint venture partner.
(g) Net assets

Net assets and revenues, expenses, gains and losses are classified based on the existence or
absence of donor-imposed restrictions. Accordingly, net assets of the Agency and changes
therein are classified and reported as follows:

Net Assets Without Donor Restrictions - Net assets not subject to donor-imposed

restrictions.

Net Assets With Donor Restrictions - Net assets subject to donor or certain grantor

imposed restrictions. Some donor-imposed restrictions are temporary in nature, such

as those that will be met by the passage of time or other events specified by the donor.

Other donor-imposed restrictions are perpetual in nature, where the donor stipulates

that resources be maintained in perpetuity. Donor-imposed restrictions are released

when a restriction expires, that is, when the stipulated time has elapsed, when the

stipulated purpose for which the resource was restricted has been fulfilled, or both.
All contributions are considered to be available with no donor restrictions unless specifically
restricted by the donor. Amounts received that are designated for future periods or
restricted by the donor for specific purposes are reported as support with donor restrictions
that increase those net asset classes. When the restriction is fulfilled (that is, when a
stipulated time restriction ends or purpose restriction is accomplished), net assets are
reclassified to those without donor restrictions and reported in the statement of activities as
het assets released from restrictions. Contributions restricted by donors are recorded as
increases in net assets without donor restrictions if the restrictions expire (that is, when a
stipulated time restriction ends or purpose restriction is accomplished) in the reporting
period in which the revenue is recognized.

“ ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, INC.
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020
(h) Agency transactions
The Agency receives funds from NWA under the Neighborhood LIFT ("LIFT") program and
from financial institutions under similar programs (Note 12). The Agency does not have any
discretionary powers over these funds and must administer the programs according to the
terms of the grant agreements. As a result, no revenue or expense is recorded (except for
administrative fees earned), but instead the Agency records an asset (cash or notes
receivable) and corresponding liability (agency payable). The agency payable is reduced as
the related notes receivable are forgiven.
{i) Revenue recognition
Agency revenues are generated primarily from fees for services, processing, and servicing
fees. A performance obligation is a contractual promise to transfer a distinct good or
service, or a bundle of goods or services, to the customer, and is the unit of accounting. A
contract’s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and
recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. The Agency's
contracts typically have a single performance obligation.
Loan programs and other related fees:
Loan application fees are earned and recorded as revenue at a point in time when the loan
application is completed by the applicant with all required documentation and accepted by
the Agency. Loan origination fees are earned on loan closings and recorded as revenue at a
point in time when the performance obligation is met which is determined to be when the
Joan closes and funds are advanced to the customer. Loan late fees on outstanding loans are
recognized as revenue at a point in time when the payments are due and the customer has
not paid the payments under the contract terms. Development fees are earned by the
Agency when the related property is constructed and sold to a homeowner.
Interest Income:
Interest income is recognized over time based on the life of a loan. The Agency has a signed
promissory note with all borrowers which constitutes a contract with the customer,
contains the loan terms, and documents the obligations of the Agency and the borrower.
Each loan receivable is considered separately and has its own specific terms. The agency
recognizes interest income over the time of the loan at the applicable interest rates in each
loan agreement.
° ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, INC.
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020
Contributions:
Contributions and other public support are generally recognized at the time of receipt as
there are no performance obligations that are required to be satisfied. The Agency reports
any gifts of property, equipment or materials as unrestricted support unless explicit donor
restrictions specify how the assets must be used and no performance obligations exist. Gifts
of long-lived assets with explicit restrictions as to how the assets are to be used or funds
restricted for the acquisition of long-lived assets are reported as restricted support.
Expirations of donor restrictions are recognized when the donated or acquired long-lived
assets are placed in service as the performance obligation is considered to be met at that
point in time.
Grants:
Grants are recorded and recognized as revenue when grant funds are received or
unconditionally pledged, if there are no performance requirements in the grant agreement.
In accordance with industry guidance, revenue from lending program grants are recognized
as revenue and support when the funds are received. For any grant agreements that include
performance obligations, revenue is recognized when the related performance obligations
are met. Funds from grants with a performance requirement which are received in advance
are recorded as a refundable government grant and recognized as revenue when the
performance requirements are met.
(j) Income taxes
The Agency is exempt from federal income taxes under the provisions of Internal Revenue
Code ("IRC") Section 501(c)(3), and, accordingly, no provision for income taxes is included in
the financial statements.
As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Agency has accrued no interest and no penalties
related to uncertain tax positions. It is the Agency’s policy to recognize interest and/or
penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense.
The Agency files a U.S. Federal information tax return.
(k) Functional allocation of expenses
Directly identifiable expenses are charged to programs and supporting services. Expenses
related to more than one function are charged to programs and supporting services based
upon various allocation methods, including time spent on various functions by employees.
General and administrative expenses include those expenses that are not directly
identifiable with any other specific functions but provide for the overall support and
direction of the Agency.
14
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, INC.
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020

(I) Use of estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles ("GAAP") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

(m) Events occurring after reporting date
Management of the Agency has evaluated events and transactions that occurred between
December 31, 2021 and June 22, 2022 which is the date the financial statements were
available to be issued for possible recognition or disclosure in the financial statements. No
such events or transactions were noted requiring recognition or disclosure in the financial
statements.

(n) New accounting standards, not yet adopted
In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting
Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2016-02, Leases ("ASU 2016-02"). ASU 2016-02 will generally
require statement of financial position recognition for all leases with terms that exceed
twelve months. The new lease accounting model will continue to reflect two types of leases.
Under the new rules, a lessee would account for most existing capital leases as finance
leases (that is, recognizing amortization of the right-of-use ("ROU") asset, as well as
separately recognizing interest on the lease liability in the statement of activities). Most
existing operating leases will remain as operating leases (that is, recognizing a single total
lease expense). Both finance leases and operating leases will result in the lessee recognizing
a ROU asset and a lease liability. The guidance is effective for the Agency beginning January
1, 2022.

(0) Reclassifications
Certain items in the 2020 financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the
presentation of the 2021 financial statements. These reclassifications had no effect on the
statement of activities and changes in net assets as previously reported.

(3) Credit risk and other concentrations

The Agency periodically maintains cash on deposit at banks in excess of federally insured

amounts. The Agency has not experienced any losses in such accounts and management believes

the Agency is not exposed to any significant credit risk related to cash.

» ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, INC.
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020
The Agency received approximately 13% of its total public support and revenues from
NeighborWorks® America during 2021. Additionally, the Agency received approximately 21% and
38% of its public support and revenues from one-time grants related to the Coronavirus
pandemic as COVID-19 relief funds, tornado mitigation, and construction of homes during 2021
and 2020, respectively. The Agency received approximately 15% of its total public support and
revenues from NeighborWorks® America and 31% from in-kind donations during 2020.
(4) Liquidity and availability
A summary of the Agency's financial assets as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, reduced by
amounts not available for general use because of donor-imposed restrictions, within one year of
the statement of financial position date is as follows:
2021 2020

Cash and cash equivalents s 1,641,297 $ 349,780

Grants and accounts receivable 245,900 477,924

Financial assets available to meet cash needs for

general expenditures within one year $___ 1,887,197 §$ 827,704
As part of the Agency's liquidity management plan, we invest cash in excess of daily
requirements is invested in short-term investments, CDs, and money market funds.
(5) Notes receivable
First and second mortgage loans to homebuyers are made for terms of 4 to 15 years, at annual
interest rates ranging from 3% to 7.5%. There were no material notes receivable with payments
greater than 90 days past due as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. The notes receivable are
collateralized by real estate. At December 31, 2021 and 2020, the balance of such loans totaled
$6,454,867 and $6,535,778, respectively. Additionally, the Agency recorded an allowance for
loan losses totaling $629,658 and $618,095 at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Notes receivable also include non-interest bearing notes that are grants that are forgiven over a
period of up to 15 years, as long as the homeowner continues to own the property, or repaid
upon the future sale of the property ("soft-third mortgages"). The soft third mortgages are
secured by liens on the homeowner's property. At December 31, 2021 and 2020, the balance of
the soft-third mortgage loans totaled $7,164,379 and $6,498,276, respectively.
The soft-third mortgages that are forgiven over time under the LIFT program (Note 12) are
reported as agency transactions. As these notes are forgiven, the note receivable is reduced with
a corresponding decrease in the balance of the Agency Payable liability. The balance of these
notes receivable and the corresponding agency payable liability totaled $838,550 and $1,377,800
at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During 2021 and 2020, approximately $539,000
and $618,000 of agency payables were amortized against the corresponding notes receivable
balances.
“ ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, INC.
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020
(6) Property, buildings, and equipment
Asummary of property, buildings and equipment at December 31, 2021 and 2020 is as follows:
2021 2020
Land $ 160,000 $ 160,000
Buildings and improvements 495,410 495,410
Furniture and equipment 101,267 98,102
Total cost 756,677 753,512
Accumulated depreciation (95,050) 66,804)
Property, buildings and equipment, net $ 661,627 $ 686,708
(7) Notes payable
Asummary of notes payable as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 is as follows:
2021 2020
Two notes payable to the Community Development
Financial Institutions Fund, maturing in April 2023,
non-interest bearing. $ 250,000 $ 250,000
Note payable to MDHA, maturing in November 2022,
non-interest bearing. 250,000 250,000
Note payable to THDA, repaid during 2021. - 22,754
Note payable to a bank, repaid during 2021. - 98,100
Various construction lines of credit requiring monthly
interest payments at variable rates (0% - 4.0% as of
December 31, 2021) and fixed rates (3.50% at
December 31, 2021) with total maximum borrowings
of approximately $6,774,000 at December 31, 2021.
Total borrowings under the lines of credit are to be
used for construction of single-family homes and
single-bedroom low-income housing units. All lines of
credit generally are for one to two year terms and
mature between August 2022 and August 2023 and
are secured by the constructed property and real
estate. The agency expects to extend the terms of
outstanding lines of credit as they become due until
completion of the respective construction projects. 1,606,900 333,835
” ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, INC.
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020
Note payable to a bank, matured and paid off in June
2021. - 250,000
Notes payable to banks, matured and paid off in July
2021. : 5.117
Total notes payable with defined maturities 2,106,900 1,209,806
Notes payable to banks with interest at an annual rate
of the Prime Rate minus 4.00% (0% at December 31,
2021). These notes payable have no defined maturities
(see below). 919,634 1,049,322
Total notes payable $___ 3,026,534 $__ 2,259,128
Notes payable without defined maturities are collateralized by certain notes receivable held by
the Agency (the "Collateral Notes"). The notes payable are due only when principal payment on
the Collateral Notes has been received or the homes acting as security interest for the Collateral
Notes have been sold.
With the exception of the notes payable without defined maturities discussed above, most of the
above notes are secured by deeds of trust on the related real estate. Additionally, management
of the Agency determined that the imputation of interest on non-interest bearing notes payable
was immaterial.
Following is a schedule of required future principal payments on notes payable with defined
maturities as of December 31, 2021:
Year Amount
2022 $ 1,826,491
2023 250,000
2027 and later years 30,409
$ 2,106,900
No amount of principal due was in arrears at December 31, 2021 or 2020.
“ ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, INC.
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020
(8) Equity equivalent obligations
The Agency carries certain obligations to banks that are classified as Equity Equivalent ("EQ2")
funds. These obligations are shown under Other Liabilities on the statements of financial position
in order to represent more clearly the nature of the payable and to adhere to industry practice.
The EQ2 is defined by having six attributes as follows:

(1) The EQ2 investment is carried as an investment on the investor’s statement of financial

position in accordance with GAAP;

(2) The EQ2 investment is a general obligation of the Agency that is not secured by any of the

Agency's assets;

(3) The EQ2 investment is fully subordinated to the right of repayment of all the Agency’s

other creditors;

(4) The EQ2 investment does not give the investor the right to accelerate payment unless the

Agency ceases its normal operations;
(5) The EQ2 investment carries an interest rate that is not tied to any income received by the
Agency; and
(6) The EQ2 investment has a rolling term, and therefore, an indeterminate maturity (also
known as an evergreen provision).
These obligations either carry a zero interest rate or an interest rate of Prime minus 4% at
December 31, 2021 and 2020.
(9) Net assets with donor restrictions
Net assets with donor restrictions are available for the following purposes or periods:
2021 2020
Subject to expenditure for specified purposes:

Housing and low-income down payment assistance $___ 3,773,602 $___ 2,168,948
Net assets with donor restrictions include funds utilized for the purchase or construction of low-
income housing as restricted by donors. Certain grants do not address if or when restrictions
expire or are released upon forgiveness of loan balances or losses incurred from the disposition
of such properties. The Agency has maintained the restrictions that existed on the original grants
unless otherwise indicated by the donors. At December 31, 2021, the net assets with donor
restrictions also include $1,500,000 received from a governmental grant for financial assistance
to low-income recipients and other low-income housing projects for which no amounts had been
expended at December 31, 2021.

7 ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, INC.
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020

(10) Employee benefit plan
The Agency has a defined contribution employee benefit plan for eligible employees under
provisions of section 403(b) of the IRC. Eligible employees may elect to contribute a percentage
of their compensation, subject to certain limitations, to the plan on a pre-tax basis. The Agency
will match one-half of each employee's contributions, up to a maximum matching contribution of
3% of the employee's eligible compensation. The Agency expensed employer contributions of
$15,661 and $14,772 in 2021 and 2020, respectively.

(11) Operating leases
The Agency utilizes office space under an operating lease. Rent expense under this lease totaled
$63,080 and $68,081 during 2021 and 2020, respectively. Future minimum payment under this
lease is expected to total approximately $68,000 over the next year.

(12) Neighborhood LIFT and similar programs
The Agency participates in the Neighborhood LIFT program. The program is a collaboration
between Wells Fargo Foundation, NWA and local non-profit organizations, including the Agency.
Grants under the LIFT program are used to assist low-to-moderate income persons through down
payment assistance grants. Under the LIFT program, grants to beneficiaries are forgiven over a
period of five years and any recaptured funds not forgiven must be granted to other eligible
beneficiaries during the program which was in effect through May 2022. Agency payable in the
accompanying statements of financial position represents the total cash available for grant to
beneficiaries plus the outstanding unamortized notes receivable from beneficiaries under the
LIFT program.
The Agency has also entered into other agreements with financial institutions for down payment
assistance programs similar to the LIFT program. Under these assistance programs, grants to
beneficiaries are generally due on the future sale of the related property.
The Agency receives administrative fees for each grant under the programs which are included in
"Counseling and mortgage fees” in the accompanying statements of activities.

(13) Commitments and contingencies
The disbursement of funds received under federal and state governmental grant programs
generally requires compliance with the terms and conditions specified in the grant agreements
and is subject to audit by the grantor agencies. Any disallowed claims resulting from such audits
could become a liability of the Agency. In management's opinion, any such disallowed claims will
not have a material effect on the Agency.

20
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, INC.
Notes to the Financial Statements
December 31, 2021 and 2020
(14) Supplemental disclosures of cash flow statement information
2021 2020
Interest paid $ 1,267 $__—8,278
(15) Related party transactions
The Agency contracted with an affiliated general contractor during 2021 and 2020 to construct
certain property held for sale. Payments made during 2021 and 2020 to the affiliate totaled
approximately $119,000 and $336,000, respectively.
* ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3F06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, INC.
Schedule of Expenditures of Federal Awards
Year ended December 31, 2021
FALN Federal Grantor / Pass-through Grantor / Program Title Grant Number Expenditures
U.S. Dept. of Treasury
21.000 NeighborWorks® America N/A $ 185,000
21.000 NeighborWorks® America N/A 290,000
21.000 NeighborWorks® America N/A 20,000
21.000 NeighborWorks® America N/A 9,000
21.000 NeighborWorks® America N/A 5,000
21.000 NeighborWorks® America _ N/A 1,500
21.000 - -NeighborWorks® America- -N/A- ~500
Total program 21.000 511,000
21.019 Passed through from Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson
County and Administered by United
Way of Greater Nashville: Coronavirus
Relief Fund - COVID-19 N/A 246,251
Total U.S. Dept. of Treasury 757,251
U.S. Dept. of Housing and Urban Development
14.218 Passed through from Metropolitan
Development and Housing Agency:
Community Development Block Grant -
COVID-19 CDBG-CV 554,688
14.218 Passed through from NeighborWorks®
America: Housing Counseling
Assistance Program N/A 29,326
Total U.S. Dept. of Housing and Urban Development 584,014
Total federal awards $ 1,341,265
See accompanying notes to the Schedule of Expenditures of Federal Grant Awards
” ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, INC.
Notes to the Schedule of Expenditures of Federal Awards
Year ended December 31, 2021
(1) Basis of Presentation
The accompanying Schedule of Expenditures of Federal Grant Awards (the "Schedule") includes
the federal grant activity of Affordable Housing Resources, Inc. (the "Agency"). The information
in the Schedule is presented in accordance with the requirements of Title 2 U.S. Code of Federal
Regulations Part 200, Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit
Requirements for Federal Awards ("Uniform Guidance") as codified by HHS at 45 CFR Part 75 and
the State of Tennessee. Because the Schedule presents only a selected portion of the operations
of the Agency, it is not intended to and does not present the financial position, changes in net
assets, or cash flows of the Agency.
(2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
The expenditure threshold for classification as a Type A program is $750,000.
For purposes of the Schedule, expenditures of federal grant awards are recognized on the accrual
basis of accounting. Such expenditures are recognized following the cost principles contained in
the Uniform Guidance, wherein certain types of expenditures are not allowable or are limited as
to reimbursement.
The Agency did not receive or expend any Federal awards during fiscal year 2021 in the form of
non-cash assistance or provide any funds to subrecipients.
The Agency has elected not to use the 10% de minimis indirect cost rate allowed under the
Uniform Guidance.
* ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
| B M ( ; MAKE A GOOD
BUSINESS [

Independent Auditors' Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and on Compliance and
Other Matters Based on an Audit of Financial Statements Performed in Accordance with
Government Auditing Standards

The Board of Directors
Affordable Housing Resources, Inc.:
We have audited, in accordance with the auditing standards generally accepted in the United States
of America and the standards applicable to financial audits contained in Government Auditing
Standards issued by the Comptroller General of the United States, the financial statements of
Affordable Housing Resources, Inc. (the "Agency"), which comprise the statement of financial
position as of December 31, 2021, and the related statements of activities and changes in net assets,
functional expenses and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes to the financial
statements, and have issued our report thereon dated June 22, 2022.
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
In planning and performing our audit of the financial statements, we considered the Agency's internal
control over financial reporting (internal control) as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances for the purpose of expressing our opinion on the financial
statements, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the 's internal
control. Accordingly, we do not express an opinion on the effectiveness of the Agency's internal
control.
A deficiency in internal control exists when the design or operation of a control does not allow
management or employees, in the normal course of performing their assigned functions, to prevent,
or detect and correct, misstatements on a timely basis. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a
combination of deficiencies, in internal control, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a
material misstatement of the entity's financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and
corrected on a timely basis. A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies,
in internal control that is less severe than a material weakness, yet important enough to merit
attention by those charged with governance.
Our consideration of internal controf was for the limited purpose described in the first paragraph of
this section and was not designed to identify all deficiencies in internal control that might be material
weaknesses or significant deficiencies. Given these limitations, during our audit we did not identify
any deficiencies in internal control that we consider to be material weaknesses. However, material
weaknesses may exist that have not been identified.

“ ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
Report on Compliance and Other Matters
As part of obtaining reasonable assurance about whether the Agency's financial statements are free
of material misstatement, we performed tests of its compliance with certain provisions of laws,
regulations, contracts, and grant agreements, noncompliance with which could have a direct and
material effect on the financial statements. However, providing an opinion on compliance with those
provisions was not an objective of our audit, and accordingly, we do not express such an opinion. The
results of our tests disclosed no instances of noncompliance or other matters that are required to be
reported under Government Auditing Standards.
Purpose of this Report
The purpose of this report is solely to describe the scope of our testing of internal control and
compliance and the results of that testing, and not to provide an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Agency’s internal control or on compliance. This report is an integral part of an audit performed in
accordance with Government Auditing Standards in considering the Agency’s internal control and
compliance. Accordingly, this communication is not suitable for any other purpose.
LBM, PL
Brentwood, Tennessee
June 22, 2022

* ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
th BR MW C MAKE A GOOD
BUSINESS BETTE
Independent Auditors’ Report on Compliance For Each Major Federal Program and on Internal Control
Over Compliance Required by the Uniform Guidance
The Board of Directors.
Affordable Housing Resources, Inc.:
Report on Compliance for Each Major Federal Program
Opinion on Each Major Federal Program
We have audited Affordable Housing Resources, Inc.'s (the "Agency") compliance with the types of
compliance requirements identified as subject to audit in the OMB Compliance Supplement that could
have a direct and material effect on each of the Agency's major federal programs for the year ended
December 31, 2021. The Agency's major federal programs are identified in the summary of auditors’
results section of the accompanying schedule of findings and questioned costs.
In our opinion, the Agency complied, in all material respects, with the types of compliance
requirements referred to above that could have a direct and material effect on each of its major
federal programs for the year ended December 31, 2021.
Basis for Opinion on Each Major Federal Program
We conducted our audit of compliance in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in
the United States of America; the standards applicable to financial audits contained in Government
Auditing Standards, issued by the Comptroller General of the United States; and the requirements of
Title 2 U.S. Code of Federal Regulations Part 200, Uniform Administrative requirements, Cost
Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards (Uniform Guidance). Our responsibilities
under those standards and the Uniform Guidance are further described in the Auditors’
Responsibilities for the Audit of Compliance section of our report.
We are required to be independent of the Agency and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in
accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audit. We believe that the audit
evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on
compliance for each major federal program. Our audit does not provide a legal determination of the
Agency's compliance with the compliance requirements referred to above.
* ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO06C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
Responsibilities of Management for Compliance
Management is responsible for compliance with the requirements referred to above and for the
design, implementation, and maintenance of effective internal control over compliance with the
requirements of laws, statutes, regulations, rules, and provisions of contracts or grants agreements
applicable to the Agency's federal programs.
Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of Compliance
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether material noncompliance with the
compliance requirements referred to above occurred, whether due to fraud or error, and express an
opinion on the Agency's compliance based on our audit. Reasonable assurance is a high level of
assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, Government Auditing Standards, and the
Uniform Guidance will always detect material noncompliance when it exists. The risk of not detecting
material noncompliance resulting from fraud is higher than for that resulting from error, as fraud may
involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal
control. Noncompliance with the compliance requirements referred to above is considered material if
there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, it would influence the judgment
made by a reasonable user of the report on compliance about the Agency's compliance with the
requirements of each major federal program as a whole.
In performing an audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, Government
Auditing Standards and the uniform Guidance, we:

° Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.

° Identify and assess the risks of material noncompliance, whether due to fraud or error, and
design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the Agency's compliance with the
compliance requirements referred to above and performing such other procedures as we
consider necessary in the circumstances.

e Obtain an understanding of the Agency's internal control over compliance relevant to the
audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances and to
test and report on internal control over compliance in accordance with the Uniform
Guidance, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Agency's internal control over compliance. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed.

We are required to communicate to those charged with governance regarding, among other matters,
the planned scope and timing of the audit and any significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
internal control over compliance that we identified during the audit.
” ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
Report on Internal Control over Compliance
A deficiency in internal control over compliance exists when the design or operation of a control over
compliance does not allow management or employees, in the normal course of performing their
assigned functions, to prevent, or detect and correct, noncompliance with a type of compliance
requirement of a federal program on a timely basis. A material weakness in internal control over
compliance is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over compliance, such
that there is a reasonable possibility that material noncompliance with a type of compliance
requirement of a federal program will not be prevented, or detected and corrected, on a timely basis.
A significant deficiency in internal control over compliance is a deficiency, or a combination of
deficiencies, in internal control over compliance with a type of compliance requirement of a federal
program that is less severe than a material weakness in internal control over compliance, yet
important enough to merit attention by those charged with governance.
Our consideration of internal control over compliance was for the limited purpose described in the
Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of Compliance section above and was not designed to identify
all deficiencies in internal control over compliance that might be material weaknesses or significant
deficiencies in internal control over compliance. Given these limitations, during our audit we did not
identify any deficiencies in internal control over compliance that we consider to be material
weaknesses, as defined above. However, material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in internal
control over compliance may exist that were not identified.
Our audit was not designed for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of internal
control over compliance. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed. .
The purpose of this report on internal control over compliance is solely to describe the scope of our
testing of internal control over compliance and the results of that testing based on the requirements
of the Uniform Guidance. Accordingly, this report is not suitable for any other purpose.
LBMeC,PL
Brentwood, Tennessee
June 22, 2022

* ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, INC.
Schedule of Findings and Questioned Costs and Prior Audit Findings
Year Ended December 31, 2021
(1) SUMMARY OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' RESULTS
Financial Statements
Type of auditors’ report issued: Unmodified
Internal control over financial reporting:
Material weakness(es) identified? ClYes No
Significant deficiency(ies) identified? L]Yes 1 None reported
Noncompliance material to financial statements noted? L] Yes No
Federal Awards
Interna! control over major programs:
Material weakness(es) identified? LyYes No
Significant deficiency(ies) identified? ClyYes None reported
Type of auditors’ report issued on compliance for major programs: Unmodified
Any audit findings disclosed that are required to
be reported in accordance with 2 CFR
200.516(a) of the Uniform Guidance? ClYes MINo
Identification of major programs for the Agency for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021
are as follows:
Federal
Assistance
Listing Number Grantor Programs
14.218 U.S. Dept. of Housing and Urban Community Development Block
Development Grants/Entitlement Grants
21.019 U.S. Dept. of Treasury Coronavirus Relief Fund
Dollar threshold to distinguish between Type Aand Type B programs: $750,000
Auditee qualified as low-risk auditee? ClYes No
(2) FINANCIAL STATEMENT FINDINGS
None
(3) FINDINGS AND QUESTIONED COSTS RELATING TO FEDERAL AWARDS
None
(4) SUMMARY OF PRIOR AUDIT FINDINGS
None
™ ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: D2A3FO6C-2C95-4718-BA56-2AD6F4AB210E
AFFORDABLE HOUSING RESOURCES, INC.
Schedule of Financial Position and Changes in Net Assets - Neighborhood Reinvestment Revolving
Loan and Capital Projects Fund (Net Assets With Donor Restrictions)
Schedules of Financial Position as of December 31, 2021 and 2020
2021 2020
Assets
Cash $ - $ =
Notes receivable * .
Development in progress / Property held for sale - -
Total Assets a
Liabilities and Net Assets
Net assets with donor restrictions, held in perpetuity $ - $ -
Schedules of Changes in Net Assets for the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020
2021 2020

Change in net assets - released from restrictions $ - $ (457,148)
Net assets, beginning - 457,148
Net assets, ending $ = $=
Notes:

Investment income and interest on outstanding loans were earned on the net assets of the

Neighborhood Reinvestment Capital Fund ("NRC") and were available for unrestricted use by the

Agency. All of these amounts were transferred to the net assets without donor restrictions during

those years. There were no proceeds from capital projects in excess of the amount of funds

necessary to maintain the net assets at a level disclosed in the Capital Funds Agreement with NRC.

Accordingly, no funds were transferred from NRC for that purpose. Amounts released from

restriction represents amounts formally approved for release by NeighborWorks’ America.

* ARCHIVE
