•*\
t
GRANT CONTRACT
BETWEEN THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
AND
The Country Music Film Project, LLOWETA
This Grant Contract Issued and entered Into pursuant to Ordinance No. BL2017-722 and Resolution No.
RS2018-}j2.C'. by and between the Metropolitan Govemment of Nashville and Davidson County
("Metro"), on the one hand, and The Country Music Film Project, LLC ("CMFP") and Greater Washington
Educationai Telecommunications Association ("WETA" and, together with CMFP, 
"Recipient"}, on the
other. Is for the provision of activities to foster economic development and job creation In Davidson
County.
A. 
SCOPE OF PROGRAM:
A.1. 
The Recipient vwll use the grant funds to directly support the production of the Ken Bums
documentary Country Music (the "Production"). For clarity, as between the parties hereto, CMFP
shall own all right and title to, and maintain complete editorial control over, the Production.
B. 
GRANT CONTRACT TERM:
8.1. 
Grant Contract Term, The term of this Grant Contract commences on Its effective date and
ends on June 30,2018. Metro will have no obligation for services rendered by the Redplentthat
are not performed within this term.
C. 
PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
C.1. 
Maximum Liability. In no event will Metro's rnaximum liability to the Recipient under this Grant
Contract exceed Three Hundred Twenty-Five Thousand dollars ($325,000).
Subject to modification and amendments as provided In section D.2 of this agreement, this
amount will constitute the Grant Amount and the entire compensation to be provided to the
Recipient by Metro.
C.2. 
Payment Methodology.
The Recipient may Invoice for the entire Grant Amount upon complete signature and legislative
authorization hereof; but no later than May 31, 2018. Any Invoice not received by the deadline
date will not be processed and all remaining grant funds will expire.
Recipient must send all Invoices to Metro Payment Services, PO Box 196301, Nashville TN
37219-6301.
C.3. 
Certification. The Recipient must submit a certification. Including supporting documentation,
along with the invoice described In section C.2 of this agreement, which certification must
attest to the validity of the supporting docurrientatlon demonstrating progress toward the
completion of the Production. The certification and supporting documentation must be In form
and substance acceptable to Metro and must be signed by an officer of Recipient. Failure to
comply with this section shall entitle Metro to cea^ all further funding under this Grant
Contract.
C.4. Payment of Invoice. The payment of any Invoice by Metro vrill not prejudice Metro's right to
object to the Invoice or any other related matter. Any payment by Metro will neither beconstrued
IN0194988.2}
{N02050Q91}
ARCHIVE


as acceptance of any part of the work or service provided nor as an approval of any of the costs
Included therein.
C.5. 
Unallowable Costs. The Recipients invoice may be subject to reduction for amounts included in
any invoice or payment theretofore made which are determined by Metro, on the basis of audits
or monitoring conducted in accordance with the temns of this Grant Contract, to constitute
unallowable costs.
0.6. 
Deductions. Metro reserves the right to adjust any amounts which are or become due and
payable to the Recipient by Metro under this or any contract by deducting any amounts which are
or become due and payable to Metro by the Recipient under this or any contract
0.7. 
Electronic Payment. Metro requires as a condition of this Grant Oontract that the Recipient
have on file with Metro a completed and signed *ACH Form for Eectronic Paymenf. if Recipient
has not previously submitted the fonn to Metro or if Recipient's infontiation has dianged,
Recipient will have thirty (30) days to complete, sign, and return the form. Thereafter, all
payments to the Recipient, under this or any other contract the Recipient has with Metro, must be
made eiectronicaily.
D. 
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS;
D.1. 
Required Approvals. Metro is not bound by this Grant Oontract until it is approved by the
appropriate Metro representatives as indicated on the signature page of this Grant
D.2. 
Modification and Amendment This Grant Contract may be modified only by a written
amendment that has been approved In accordance with ail Metro procedures and by appropriate
legislation of the Metropolitan Council.
D.3. 
Termination for Cause. Should the Recipient fail to properly perform its obligations under this
Grant Oontract or if the Recipient violates any of the material terms of this Grant Contract and
then fell to cure such feilufe or violation within ten (10) business days following its receipt from
Metro of written notice thereof, Metro will have the right to terminate the Grant Contract on
vmtten notice to Recipient, and the Recipient must return to Metro any and all grant monies
received for services or programs under the grant not perfomied as of the termination date. The
Recipient must also retum to Metro any and all Grant funds expended by Recipient for purposes
contrary to the terms of the Grant.
D.4. 
Subcontracting. The Recipient may not assign this Grant Contract or enter into a subcontract
(other than subcontracts with third-party vendors and/or personnel assisting Recipient widi
production and/or outreach) for any of the services perfomied under this Grant Contract
without providing the prior written notice to Metro. Notwithstanding any use of approved
subcontractors, the Recipient will be considered the prime Recipient and will be responsible
for all work performed.
D.5. 
Conflicts of Interest The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount will be paid
directly or indirectly to an employee or ofRciai of Metro as wages, compensation, or gills in
exchange for acting as an officer, agent, employee, subcontractor, or consultant to the Recipient
in connection with any work contemplated or performed relative to this Grant Contract.
D.6. 
Nondlscrlmination. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person will be
excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination
in the performance of this Grant Contract or in the employment practices of the Recipient on the
grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other classification
which Is In violation of applicable laws. The Recipient must, upon request, show proof of such
nondlscrlmination and must post in conspicuous places, available to ail employees and
applicants, notices of nondiscrimination.
(N019S988.2)
(N0205009.1)
ARCHIVE


D.7. 
Records. The Recipient must maintain documentation for all charges to Metro under this Grant
Contract. The books, records, and documents of the Recipient, inso^r as they relate to work
performed or money received under this Grarit Contract, must be maintained for a period of three
(3) full years from the date of the final payment or until the Recipient engages a licensed
Independent public accountant to perform an audit of its activities. The books, records, and
documents of the Recipient Insofar as they relate to work performed or money received under this
Grant Contract are subject to audit at any reasonable time and upOn reasonable notice by Metro
or its duly appointed representatives. The financial statements must be prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles.
D.8. 
Monitoring. The Recipient's activities conducted and records maintained pursuant to this Grant
Contract are subject to monitoring and evaluation by The Metropolitan Office of Financial
Accountability or Metro's duly appointed representatives. The Recipient must make all audit,
accounting, or financial records, notes, and other documents pertinent to this grant available for
review by the Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability, Internal Audit or Metro's
representatives, upon request, during normal working hours.
D.9. 
Strict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist In any one or more cases UPon the strict
performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement is not a
waiver or relinquishment of any such term, covenant, condition, or provision. No term or condition
of this Grant Contract is considered to be waived, modified, or deleted except by a written
amendment by the appropriate parties as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.
D.10. Insurance. The Recipient agrees to carry customary public liability and other appropriate forms
of insurance, and to pay all taxes applicable to Recipient under this Grant Contract, if any.
D.11. Metro Liability. Metro will have no liability except as specifically provided in this Grant Contract.
D. 12. independent Contractor. Nothing herein will in any way be construed or intended to create a
partnership or joint venture between the Recipient and Metro or to create the relationship of
principal and agent between or among the Recipient and Metro. The Recipient must not hold
itself out in a manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph. Metro will not become liable for any
representation, act, or omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph.
D. 13. indemnification and Hold Harmless.
(a) Recipient agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold hannless Metro, its officers, agents and
employees from any third-party claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees for injuries
ordamages, to the extent same arise directly and proximately from the negligent or intentional
acts or omissions of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or
independent contractors, in connection with the performance of the contract, and any third-party
claims, damages, penalties, costs and attomey fees arising from any failure of Recipient, its
officers, employees and/or agents. Including its sub or independent contractors, to observe
applicable laws, including, but not limited to, labor laws and minimum wage laws
r
(b) Metro wilt not inderrinify, defend or hold harmless in any fashion the Recipient from any
claims, regardless of any language In any attachment or other document that the Recipient may
provide.
(c) Recipient's duties under this section will survive the termination or expiration of the grant.
(N0194988.?}
(N0205009.1)
ARCHIVE


D.14. Force Majeure. The obligations of the parties to this Grant Contract are subject to prevention by
causes beyond the parties' control that could not be avoided by the exercise of due care
inciuding, but not limited to, acts of God. riots, wars, acts of terrorism, strikes, epidemics, death,
disability, governmental acts, power outages, equipment failures, or any other similar cause.
D. 15. State, Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with all applicable
federal, state and local laws and regulations in the performance of this Grant Contract.
D.16. Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction and effect of this Grant Contract and any
and ali e^ensions and/or modifications thereof wiil be govemed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The venue for legal action conceming this Grant
Contract will be in the courts of Davidson County, Tennessee.
D. 17. Completeness. This Grant Contract is complete and contains the entire understanding between
the parties reiating to the subject matter contained herein, including all the terms and conditions
of the parties' agreement. This Grant Contract supersedes any and all prior understandings,
representations, negotiations, and agreements between the parties relating hereto, whether
written or oral.
D. 18. Headltigs. Section headings are for reference purposes only and will not be construed as part of
this Grant Contract.
D. 19. Assignment—Consent Required. The provisions of this contract will inure to the benefit of and
wiii be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Except for
the rights of money due to Recipient under this contract, neither this contract nor any of the rights
and obligatioris of Recipient hereunder may be assigned or transferred in yvhole or in part without
the prior written consent of Metro. Any such assignment or transfer wiil not release Recipient
from its obligations hereunder. Notice of assignment of any rights to money due to Recipient
under this contract must be sent to the attention of the Metro Department of Rnance.
D.20. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It will be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or
agree to give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to
solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a gratuity or an offer of
employment in connection with any decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation,
preparations of any part of a program requirement or a purchase request, influencing the content
of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any
other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, detennination, claim
or controversy in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or
controversy or other particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or
subcontract or to any solicitation or proposal therefore. It will be a breach of ethical standards for
any payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor under
a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or a person associated therewith,
as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach of the provisions of this
paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of ethical standards which may
result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or suspension from participation In
Metropolitan Govemment contracts.
(N019«988.2)
{N0205009.1)
ARCHIVE


D.21. Communications and Contacts. All instructions, notices, consents, dernands, or other
communications from the Recipient required or contemplated by this Grant Contract must bein
writing and must be made by facsimile transmission, or by first class mail, addressed to the
respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or address as set forth below or to such
other party, facsimile number, or address as may be hereafter specified by written notice.
Metro
For contract-related matters:
Director of Economic and
Community Development
PO Box 196300
Nashville, TN 37219-6300
(615) 862-6021 phone
E^'pient
For enquiries regarding invoices:
Office of Management & Budget
700 2"^ Avenue South, Suite 201
PO Box 196300
Nashville, TN 37219-6300
(615) 862-6509, (615) 880-2800 fax
c
 ^ The Country Music Film Project, LLC
-■,r-iT/.-.388.Npr1h.R«!iMV..
7<
:..,Wa!l^lq.l^H.O^PiB<>.i
Attn: Dayton Duncan
(603) 491-5687
WETA
3939 Campbell Ave.
Arlington, VA 22206
Attn: Dalton Delan
(703) 998-1808
D.22.
Effective Date. This contract will not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed first by
the Recipient and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government and
has been filed in the office of the Metropolitan Clerk. When it has been so signed and filed, this
contract will be effective as of the date of filing with the office of the Metropolitan Clerk.
(THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK.)
{N0l»i9d8.3}
(NQ2OS0Q91}
ARCHIVE


THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON
COUNTY:
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY
OF FUNDS:
Director of Finance
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND
LEGALITY
Metropolitan Attorney
Miffilc F^ 
object,
Sworn to and subscribed to before me a Notary
Public, this (In day
of 
I 201^
Not^ Public V 
: 
^
My Commission exDire^hniMhpX^~,2Di'^ ^
JENNIFER FABIS, 
" 
.c
My Commission Expires Janudb, C'
APPROVED AS TO RISK AND
INSURANCE:
'cA
}' 
_
Directc^Tjf Insurance
Greater Washington Educational
Telecommunications Association
Title: £.\/f
FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE CLERK:
Metropolitan Clerk
MAY 2 4 2018
Sworn to and subscribed to before me a Notary
Public, this yf^ay
of /yJAW 
201^
f
Notary Public/ w
My Commission expires II 
J-aD
TAMMY YVETTE CRAIG
NOTARY PUBLIC
REG. #7697901
COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
MY COMMISSION EXPIBES NOV. 30.2020
. (N01949M,2)
'{N0205009 1
ARCHIVE
