SUBLEASE AGREEMENT
BY AND BETWEEN
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
NASHVILLE FARMERS' MARKET
AND ^
Delta 61^
THIS SUBLEASE AGREEMENT (hereinafter "Lease") Is made and entered by and between the Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County Nashville Farmers',Market (hereinafter "Lessor"), and Delta 61
(hereinafter "Lessee") and said Parties to this Lease agree as follows:
RECITALS.
WHEREAS, Lessor was created arid empowered by the Private Acts of 1949, Chapter 400, as amended,
and codified in the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County Charter, Part I, Article 11, Chapter
7, Section 11.701 etseq., to operate a farmers' market including leasing space; and
WHEREAS, Lessee desires to lease real property from Lessor, for the permitted use as described herein;
and
WHEREAS, Lessee's Federal Employer Identification Number Is: ^1
NOW, THEREFORE, Lessor leases unto Lessee portions of certain real property (hereinafter "Premises")
located at the Nashville Farmers' Market under the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Lessee is hereby
granted the exclusive lease and use of the Premises as further described herein.
|eCtT0N i. TERM
(a) 
The Term of this Lease shall begiri MarGh;l,.Mi7' and end February 28, 2022. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Lease shall become effective only when it iesigned by the conttact Parties,.approved by thej^
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidsori,County Directors of Finance; IriSufance, and Law, ^nd fil^
with the Metropolitan Clerki
(b) 
Lessee shall havethe right of first refusal and the option to lease the Prerrtises for a new period
at'terms, conditions, and ratesestabNshed.by.the Lessor;^PRG.yipEp THAT^
|l) 
Lessor win continue leasing the Premises as a subuhit of and separately from other;
Nasbyilje Farmers' Market facilities;after the end date of thjs Lease;
|2) - 
Lesseeis^n full cpmpliance w]th all terrris.and'conditions of this Lease;
i(iL; 
Lessee is. current with any and all arfiountsdue and, payable to the Lessor; and
(4)^ 
Lessee provides written notice of iriT^nt taexercpe the option atjeast ninety (90) days,
prior to end date-fdf this Leasej
_ (c) 
Should Lessee remain in pdssessipn df the Pfemises beyond the Lease end date and without
benefit of a new Lease, Lessee shall be a tenant from rhpnth-tp-month. arid the Lease may be terminated by eithei]
Party by giving written notice,to the other at least thirty (30) days before the effective date of tet:mination.;
SECTION 2. PREMISES
(a) 
Premises. The Premises leased to Lessee by Lessor are as follows: approximately ^S^quare
feet certain real property located inside the Market House of the Nashville Farmers' Market (further identified in
the Market House Lease Plan at Attachment 1). jrhePfemises shall include only the appurtenances specificaliy
granted in this lease with Lessor specifically excepting and reserving for itself, the roof, the air space above the
roof, the space below the floor slab, above any dropped ceilings and two feet below the roof deck, the exterior,
portions of the Premises; Lessor reserves the right to iristall, maintain, use, repair and replace pipes, ductwork]
conduits, utility lines; and:wires as well as conduct pest coritrdi and exterminatipri in the Premises. Lessor furthej
reserves the right to conduct pest control and extermination In the Premises at regular intervals and as needed;
LEASE 20131212
ARCHIVE


Lessor agrees that where possible all ,work in the Premises shall be performed in a manner which shall not
unreasonably interfere with-the normal business operations of Lessee.'
\
(b) 
Additional Area. Lessee use and occupation of the Premises shall include the right to ingress to
and egress from the Premises and shall include a revocable license to use in common with the others entitled
thereto, the Common Areas, as may be designated from time to time by Lessor, subject however to the terms and
conditions of this Lease and to rules, guidelines, and facility-use policies relating to the use thereof as prescribed
from time to time by Lessor. The term "Corhfnon'Areas" as used in this Lease shall mean ail Nashville Farmers'
Market space and facilities furnished and designated by the Lessor for thq general use, in common, by visitors and
customers or renters, including Lessee, its officers, agents, employees. Said space and facilities may include, but
are not limited to, the parking areas, streets, passenger vehicle roadways, sidewalks, walkways, service areas,
roadways, loading platforms, drainage and plumbjng systems, roof, canopies, ramps,.iandscaped areas and other
similar facilities available for common use which may from time to time exist. Lessor reserves the right at any time
to relocate buildings, sheds, parking areas, and other Common Areas, to change the number of buildings, building
dimensions, the number of floors m any of the buildings, the Common Areas, the identity and type of other stores
and tenancies, and to construct other buildings or improvements, provided only that the general location and size
of the Premises, reasonable access to the Premises and the parking facilities shall not be materially impaired.
Lessor shall have no obligation to permit any of the Common Areas to be operated beyond the normal, Nashville
Farmers' Market hours of operation. Ail Common Areas, which Lessee may be permitted to use, shall be used
under a revocable license, and if the amount of the Common Areas is dirninished. Lessor shall not be subject to any
liability nor shall Lessee betentitled to any compensation or diminution or abatement of rent, nor shall such
decrease of the Common Areas be deemed constructive or actual eviction.
(c) 
, Acceptance. Lessor makes ho representation of any nature in connection with the condition of
the Premises, and Lessor shall not be liable for any latent or patent defect therein. Lessor and Lessee hereby agree
that Lessee's possession of the Premises on the begin date of this Lease shall be deemed conclusive evidence of
Lessee's acceptance of the Premises as being in satisfactory condition and in full compliance with all covenants and
obligations of Lessor in connection therewith. Lessee agrees that it will accept possession of the Premises in an "as
is" condition and that no representations of inducements respecting the condition of the Premises have been
made to Lessee by Lessor of its authorized representatives. Similarly, Lessee hereby acknowledges that no '
promises to decorate, alter, repair, or improve the Premises, either before or after the execution hereof, have
been made by Lessor or its authorized representatives.
(d) ': 
-Site Prep'aration or Modification. Lessee shall not construct, remodel/jnstail, build, fashion;
fconnect or attach to structures within or otherwise permanently modify the Premises without Lessor's prior;
written approval in each instance.. Any such modification without written consent shall be subject to removal
iwifhput notice at any time atlessee's sole cost. Upon Lessor and any other required approval. Lessee shall
^complete any site work on the Premises in accordance with Design and Gonstriiction Criteria established by Lessor
for the subject Premises.. Lessee shall iristali within the Premises only such fixtures and equipment as detailed at
Attachment 2 hereto or which Lessor may subsequently approve fn writings
(e) 
Flours of Operation. Lessee hereby agrees and covenants that Lessee shall only be open for
business within the hours that the Market Flouse is open to the public, including mandatory operating hours as
outlined by the Lessor.
(Ij 
Mandatory operating hours include Tuesday - 
Sunday between 10:00 am - 
6:00 pm and
all Night Market events until 8:00 pm.
(2) 
The Nashville Farmers' Market property may be dosed to the public and Licensee on:
^ ' . 
• New Year's Day,
•
 Thanksgiving Day; and
•
 Christmas Day.
Lessor reserves the right, at its sole discretion; to dose the^Market House to the public
and require Lessee to dose operations on other federal or.local holidays or on other
publicly appointed days.as might such be deemed in the best interest of Nashviiie
Farmers' Market operation;
LEASE 20131212
ARCHIVE


(3) 
The Market House outside doors will be unlocked and the facility will be open to the
public, typically, during the hours of 7:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. However, Lessor reserves
the right, at Its sole discretion, to adjust the hours when the Market House Is open to
the public.
|4) 
Lessor reserves the right, at Its sole discretion, to close the Market House to the pubjlc
pn any day after 3:00 p.rn. for special events held In or other use of the Market House
Common Areas; In such Instances, whetherlessee mustxipse operations or may
remain open for business durlrig such hours shall be at Lessor's sqle determlnatloni
(5) 
Closure of Lessee's business pursuant to this Section 2(e) shall NOT entitle Lessee to any
abatement or decrease of Rent or relieve Lessee from any of Its obligations under this
Lease or Impose any liability on Lessor by reason of Inconvenience or annoyance to
Lessee or Injury to or Interruption of Lessee's business or otherwise.
SECTIONS. USE
(a) 
^ Lessee hereby;agrees arrd covenants to use and occupy the Premises for purposes stated
hereunder only, and for no other object or purpose vyhatsoever without the prior written consent of Lessori
lessee use of the Premises shall be limited to the-apprbvedfaenu and merchandise offerings of Delta; 61 further
deScrlbed:ln:Attachrrient 3 of this leasei
(b) 
Lessee hereby acknowledges that Lessee's business reputation. Intended use of the Premises and
ability to generate patronage to the Premises and Nashville Farmers' Market were all relied upon by Lessor and
served as significant and material Inducements contributing to Lessor's decision to execute this Lease with Lessee.
Inasmuch, Lessee hereby covenants and agrees to operate In the Premises only under the Trade Name detailed In
the preamble to this Lease and under no other name or Trade Name whatsoever without Lessor's prior written
consent In the form of a properly approved amendment of this Lease.
(c) 
Lessor shall NOT at any time or In any way be responsible for mall addressed to Lessee. Lessee
may identify the Nashville Farmers' Market address as the Physical Address of Lessee's business as may be
necessary. However, Lessee must Identify and use some other address (e.g., home address, business address, PC
Box, or other rented mailing address) as Lessee's Mailing Address. Lessee shall NOT use the Nashville Farmers'
Market address as Lessee's Mailing Address.
(d) 
Lessee shall not permit any of Its employees, agents, or officers to deface, destroy or remove any
property of Lessor, whether real or personal, whether It be under the control of Lessor, or otherwise held, at or on
the Premises. Further, no floor or wall may be painted, and neither may the same be marked In any other manner
so that the marking can only be removed with the use of any tool or cleaning agent, except as allowed In writing by
Lessor. Lessee shall be responsible for any necessary cleaning or repair to Lessor's property so that the same shall
be put In as good a condition as Lessee received It, normal wear and tear excepted. Any and all of Lessor's
operating equipment that may be used by Lessee or Its employees or agents shall be returned In as good and
operating condition as It was received by Lessee, normal wear and tear excepted. Lessee shall be responsible for
all reasonable and necessary expense to repair or replace any Lessor property or equipment, whether It be under
Its control or otherwise, due to defacement, destruction, damage or loss occurring while In use by Lessee.
(e) 
Lessee shall not display or permit to be displayed any sign, banner, or visual display of any type
exterior to the Premises or affixed or otherwise attached to Nashville Farmers' Market property or appurtenances
without Lessor's prior written approval.
(f) 
Lessee shall not leave any type of vehicle or trailer anywhere oh Lessor property with the
exception of vehicles used for personal transportation and moved to and from the property each day (parking any
such vehicles shall be subject to all relevant Nashville Farmers' Market guidelines and policies).
(g) 
No alcohol shall be sold or served by Lessee and none shall be consumed In the Premises unless
Lessee meets relevant llcensure and additional Insurance requirements and this Lease is properly amended to
permit such.
SECTION 4. CONSIDERATION
Lessee, In consideration of this Lease, agrees to:
LEASE 20131212
ARCHIVE


(a) 
make timely Rent payments when due hereunder;
(b) 
pay all reasonable costs, reasonable attorney fees and expenses that shall be made or Incurred
by Lessor In enforcing the agreements of this Lease;
(c) 
refrain from any use of the Premises for any Illegal or harmful purpose or purpose deemed extra
hazardous;
(d) 
keep the Premises and Lessor property, whether real or personal, whether It be under the
control of Lessor, or otherwise held, at or oh the Premises In as good repair as the same shall was at.the
commencement of this Lease, wear and tear arising from the reasonable use of the same and damages by the
elements excepted;
(e) 
refrain from any construction, repair, or Improvements on. In, of, or to the Premises without
Lessor's prior, written consent (Lessor has the option to require Lessee to secure a bond equal to one hundred
(100%) percent of the contract price by a company licensed to do business In the State of Tennessee and rated A or
higher according to the current A. M. Best rating, provided, however, the same meets the design standards as
required by the State of Tennessee);
(f) 
grant Lessor a Hen on all property of Lessee used or situated In the Premises or on Lessor
property. Including, but not limited to. Inventory, Improvements, and personal property, to secure Indebtedness
owing from Lessee to Lessor at any time during the existence of this Lease, Including payments that become due
under this Lease or pursuant to Nashville Farmers' Market regulations, and In the event of default of payment by
Lessee, Lessor may take possession of and sell such property as may be sufficient to pay any such Indebtedness.
SECTION 5. fMM 
ENT TERMS
(a) 
Pavments. Rent shall be due and payable monthly In advance, on or before the first day of each
calendar month. This Section 5 shall be deemed adequate notification of Rent requirements, and Lessor shall be
under no obligation to Invoice Lessee for said payments. Lessee shall pay Rent to Lessor as well as any and all
additional sums to be paid by Lessee to Lessor under this Lease, without demand, deduction or setoff, at Lessor's
address detailed In this Lease or as otherwise specified by Lessor In writing.
(1) 
Lessee shall make all payments by check, cashier's check, rhoney order, or credit/debit
card (If Lessee has a personal check returned for Insufficient funds. Lessor will not
accept personal checks for future payments). Lessor will not accept cash payments.
(2) 
A convenience fee will be added to credit/debit card payments In accordance with
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County regulations.
(3) 
Lessee shall make ALL payments to Lessors' business office during the hours and on the
days specified by relevant Nashville Farmers' Market guidelines and policies (e.g.,
Tuesday - Thursday between the hours of 8:30 a.m. -12:00 p.m.). Payments sent by
U.S. Mall or courier service must be received by Lessor on or before the due date.
Lessor will assume no responsibility for delays or delivery failures.
(b) 
Rent. Notwithstanding the begin date or the effective date of this Lease, Rent for the Premises
described herein shall be due and payable monthly In advance, on or before the first day of each calendar month
beginning DATE, and In accordance with the following.
(1) 
During the period March 1, 2017, through June 30, 2017, the Rent due and payable for 
I
the Premises shall be two thousand and sixty eight DOLLARS ($2,068), per month.
(2) 
During term period to follow for the duration of the lease, the Rent due and payable for
the Premises shall be determined by the Nashville Farmers' Market board and the
schedule will be attached as an addendum to this agreement on June 1, 2017.
(3) 
In the event that Lessee becomes a tenant from month-to-month pursuant to Section
Ijc), above. Lessee shall payJRent for the Premises m an amoujit each mqn^£qual to
itheflnal monthly Rent payable pursuant to thls Lease plus fifteen percent (15%) totaling
LEASE 20131212
ARCHIVE


■NOTE: For purposes of this Lease, "irionth" shall he defined is a calendar month. The pro rota Rent for any partial
month during the term of this Lease shall equal the product of l/30th of the monthly Rent amount In effect durjng
[thepartial month and the number ofjdays In the partial month for which Rent Is owedl
(c) 
Additional Charges. All other charges, Including but not limited to Lessee assessments provided
hereunder, shall be due and payable by Lessee on or before the first day of the calendar month following Lessor
demand. Invoice, or other any other notice of said charges; and. Lessor shall have the same remedies for failure to
pay same as for a non-payment of Rent.
(1) 
Security Deposit— Lessee shalLpay to Lessor a FIVE HUNDRED DOLLAR ($ 500.00)
Security; Deposit no later than the day that the Lessee signs this Lease. The Security
Deposit shall be held by Lessor to secure Lessee's performance of Its obligations under
this Lease. The Security Deposit Is not an advance payment of Rent or a measured limit
of Lessor's damages resulting from any cause. Including but not limited to an event of
default. Lessor may, from time to time and without prejudice to any other remedy, use
all or a part of the Security Deposit to perform any obligation Lessee falls to perform
hereunder. Following any such application of the Security Deposit, Lessee shall pay to
Lessor on demand the amount so applied In order to restore the Security Deposit to Its
original amount. Provided that Lessee has performed all of Its obligations hereunder.
Lessor shall, after the Lease ends, return to Lessee the portion of the Security Deposit
which was not applied to satisfy Lessee obligations. The Security Deposit may be
commingled with other funds, and no Interest shall be paid thereon. If Lessor transfers
Its Interest In the Premises and the transferee assumes Lessor's obligations under this
Lease, then Lessor may assign the Security Deposit to the transferee and Lessor
thereafter shall have no further liability for the return of the Security Deposit.
Property Datnage— lessee shall pay for any and all damagetd Lessor property of
equipment or the property of any person resulting from the activities or use of the
Premises or Lessor property by Lessee or Lessee's employees; agents, contractors;
member^ licensees^ customerSyOr Invitees.;
(3) 
Late Charge— Lessee hereby agrees that all sums due and owing to Lessor for Rent or
any other amount owed hereunder shall be paid In full as detailed herein and agrees
that, upon any failure to render payment by the fifth (s"') day of each applicable month
during the Term, Lessee shall be subject to the assessment of a FIFTY DOLLAR ($50.00)
Late Charge, as and for liquidated damage. Such charge shall be due Immediately, along
with the associated payment(s). Lessee further agrees that. In each Instance that a
balance of any amount Is carried from one calendar month Into the next. Lessee shall be
subject to the assessment of a TWO HUNDRED AND FIFTY DOLLARS ($250.00) Late
Charge, as and for liquidated damage.
(4) 
Improper Use of Common Areas— In the event that Lessee or Lessee employees place
any Lessee equipment. Inventory, merchandise, or other Lessee owned Item In any
location exterior to the Premises (reference Section 7(b)(10)), Lessor, at Its option, may
charge Lessee FIFTY DOLLARS ($50.00) per day per Item until Lessee removes all such
Items, as and for liquidated damage.
(5) 
Improper HahdIIng of Refuse or Recyclable Material— Lessee and Lessee employees
must comply with Lessor requirements relating to handling of garbage and recyclable
material [e.g., all garbage taken to the refuse removal bin must be In securely tied 
■
garbage bags; no refuse may be.placed In or around the Market House loading dock). In
the event of non-compliance with any such requirement. Lessor, at Its option, may
charge Lessee FIFTY DOLLARS ($50.00) per Infraction, as and for liquidated damage.
(6) 
Non-Compllance with Delivery or Loading Dock Requirements— The delivery of any
Items to and from the Premises shall be subject to all such faclllty-use policies as In the
judgment of Lessor are necessary for the proper operation of the Premises and the
Nashville Farmers' Market. All loading and unloading of goods shall be done only at
LEASE 20131212
ARCHIVE


such times. In the areas, and through the entrances designated for such purposes by
Lessor. Loading Dock use shall be subject to the requirements detailed In Section 7(b)(3)
hereto. In the event of non-compliance with any delivery or loading dock requirement.
Lessor, at Its option, may charge Lessee FIFTY DOLLARS ($50.00) per Infraction, as and
for liquidated damage.
•
 t
Additionally, Lessee hereby acknowledges that. If Lessee Is charged for non-compliance
with any combination of delivery or loading dock requirements on three (3) different
dates. Lessor, at Lessor's sole discretion and notwithstanding any associated fee, charge
or penalty, may deem such a Breach of License to operate at the Nashville Farmers'
Market subjecting Lessee to the loss of any or all privileges.
(7) 
Attorney's Fees— In the case of Lessee failure to perform and comply with any of the
covenants and conditions of this Lease, Lessee agrees to pay to Lessor the costs and
expenses of enforcing this contract Including a reasonable sum for attorney's fees and
related expenses, whether suit be brought or not.
(8) 
Other Fees and Charges^ In addition to the amounts detailed herein. Lessor, at Its
option, may also impose on Lessee and Lessee shall be liable for any fees or charges
detailed In'and permitted by the Nashville Farmers' Market rules and faclllty-use
policies.
Notwithstanding any fines, fees, or charges of any type for Violations of requirements
detailed or referenced herein. Lessee violation of Nashville Farmers' Market rules and
faclllty-use policies or of metropolitan ordinances, health and building codes, or state
and federal laws, at Lessor's sole judgment, may be considered a Breach of Contract and
subject Lessee to the loss of any or all privileges, and such violation may be deemed to
constitute an event giving rise to a termination of this Lease.
l|cflidiN3|N|LI
(a) 
Lessee shall be responsible for ensuring that any vehicle, which may be driven on Lessor property
by the Lessee or Lessee's employees Is fully Insured as required by the State of Tennessee.
(b) 
Prior to approval of this Lease and for the duration and any extension of this Lease, Lessee shall
obtain and maintain In full force and effect at least the following types and amounts of Insurance coverage from
Insurance carrler(s) having no less than an "A" rating according to the current A. M. Best rating and that are
authorized to do business In Tennessee:
(1) 
General Liability Insurance with a limit of not less than ONE MILLION DOLLARS
($1,000,000.00) for each occurrence shall be In full force and effect. Said Insurance shall
Include Lessor, the State of Tennessee, and the officials, officers, employees and agents
thereof as additional named Insured! The coverage shall contain no special limitations
on the scope of Its protection afforded to the above-listed Insureds. The Insurance shall
be primary with respect to any Insurance or self-insurance programs covering Lessor,
the State of Tennessee, and the officials, officers, employees and agents thereof.
(2) ' 
Liability Insurance for vehicles owned, non-owned, and hired with a limit of not less
than ONE MILLION DOLLARS ($1,000,000.00) for each accident for Bodily Injury and
Property Damage shall be In full force and effect! Said Insurance shall Include coverage
for loading and unloading hazards and shall contain or be endorsed to contain a
provision that Includes Lessor, the State of Tennessee, and the officials, officers,
.
 employees and agents thereof as additional named Insureds.
(3) 
Workers' Compensation Insurance and employers' liability Insurance with statutory
limits as required by the State of Tennessee or other applicable laws shall be In full force
and effect. Further, Lessee shall require each of Its subcontractors to provide Workers'
Compensation for all of the latter's ernployees to be engaged In such work unless such
employees are covered by the Lessee's workers' compensation Insurance coverage.
LEASE 20131212
ARCHIVE


In lieu of said Workers' Compensation insurance and employers' liability insurance, if
Lessee currently has less than five (5) employees, a written statement documenting that
fact shall be deemed acceptable. However, should the number of Lessee employees
increase to a total of five (5) or more. Lessee shall meet all requirements for Workers'
Compensation Insurance and employers' liability insurance as detailed in the preceding
paragraph and shall provide Lessor with associated documentation.
1(4) _ Liquor Liability Insurance shajf be in fulTfofce and effect IF Lessee will serve alcohoiid
beverages. Said- insurance policy shall name Lessor, the State of Tennessee, and the
bffjciajs, officers, empioyees abd agents thereof as additiojna^named insures]
(c) 
Lessee shall: 
i
(1) 
Before this Lease is approved and thereafter upon request, provide Lessor with properly
executed certificate(s) of insurance in a form acceptable to Lessor (ACORD 25 Certificate
of Liability Insurance) which shall:
i. 
evidence ail insurance required in this Section 6;
ii. 
specify both of the following as additional named Insureds and certificate
holders:
a. Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County
Metro Courthouse, Suite 108
Nashville, Tennessee 37201
b. State of Tennessee
William R. Snodgrass Tennessee Tower
312 Rosa L. Parks Blvd
Nashville, Tennessee 37243. I
(2) 
Maintain the required insurance throughout the period of this Lease and any extension
of this Lease, and replace certificates, policies, and endorsements for any such insurance
expiring during the period of this Lease or any extension of this Lease.
(d) 
If any Insurance policies required hereunder cannot be obtained, maintained, and replaced as
necessary, for any reason. Lessor may require Lessee to cease any and all operation until coverage is obtained. If
such Insurance covered Is not obtained within a reasonable period of time, to be determined solely by Lessor,
Lessor may terminate this Lease for default.
SECfiON 7. RULES AND FACILITY-USE f^LlciESj
(a) 
Lessee hereby agrees to comply with Nashville Farmers' Market rules, guidelines, and facility-use
policies. Lessor reserves the right from time to time to amend or supplement such directives applicable to the
Premises and the Nashville Farmers' Market. Lessee's failure to keep and observe said rules, guidelines, and
facility-use policies, as may be amended, shall constitute a breach of the terms of this Lease in the manner as if the
same were contained herein as covenants. Lessee hereby acknowledges receipt of current rules, guidelines, and
facility-use policies, which shall also be available at Lessor business office during normal business hours.
(b) 
Lessee further agrees to observe and comply with all of the following.
(1) 
Lessee, Lessee employees, agents, or suppliers shall load and unload goods only at such
times. In the areas, and through the entrances designated for such purposes by Lessor.
(2) 
Lessee delivery or shipping of merchandise, supplies and fixtures to and from the
Premises shall be subject to such rules, guidelines, and facility-use policies as in the
judgment of Lessor are necessary for proper Nashville Farmers' Market operation.
(3) 
Lessee, Lessee empioyees, agents, or suppliers shall NOT:
i. 
place any Lessee equipment, inventory, merchandise, or other Lessee owned
item on the Market House loading dock or in said area for a period greater than
two hours;
LEASE 20131212
ARCHIVE


ii. 
place garbage, refuse, or empty pallets of any type on or around the Market
House loading dock;
ill. 
place any item of any type in a location that obstructs deliveries to the Market
House loading dock;
iv. 
say or act In any way which may be reasonably construed to disturb, prevent,
thwart, or otherwise discourage use of the loading dock by any other Market
House tenant; or,
V. 
use the Market House loading dock to ship merchandise, supplies, fixtures or
other items FROM the Nashville Farmers' Market without obtaining Lessor
approval in writing.
(4) 
Lessee and Lessee's employees shall park vehicles only in those parking areas
designated by Lessor for that purpose, and vehicles shall display a parking placard as
may be required.
(5) 
Any vehicle parked in fire lanes, doorways, or places not designated as parking or
loading zones may be towed at the owner's expense.
(6) 
Lessee shall keep all garbage and refuse in the kind of container specified by Lessor and
kept within the premises until it is taken directly to designated refuse collection area(s).
Lessee shall pay the cost of removal of any of Lessee's refuse or rubbish to said refuse
collection area(s) as required. No refuse, rubbish, or pallets shall be stored in the
Common Areas including the Market House loading dock. All garbage taken to the
refuse removal bin must be in securely tied garbage bags.
(7) 
Lessee shall not burn any trash or garbage of any kind in or about the Premises or the
Nashville Farmers' Market property.
(8) 
No radio, video, television, security device, satellite dish, or other electronic device of
any type shall be installed without first obtaining in each instance Lessor's consent in .
writing. No aerial or dish shall be erected on the Grounds without, in each instance, the
written consent of Lessor. Any item installed without written consent shall be subject to
removal and disposal without notice and at Lessee's cost and expense.
(9) 
No loudspeakers, televisions, phonographs, radios, or other video or audio devices shall
be used in a manner such that it may be heard or seen outside of the Premises without
the prior written consent of Lessor.
(10) 
All Lessee equipment, merchandise, and other items must be kept within Lessee's
rented space. Lessee shall not place or permit any obstructions or Lessee merchandise,
inventory, equipment or other items of any type in any location exterior to Lessee's
rented space.
(11) 
Lessee shall not make noise, use an audio device, cause disturbances, or create odors,
which could reasonably be found offensive by other Nashville Farmers' Market lessees
or their officers, employees, agents, customers or invitees, and shall not commit or
suffer to be committed any waste upon the Premises or any nuisance or other act,
which may disturb the quiet enjoyment of the Nashviile Farmers' Market by any other
lessees or their officers, employees, agents, customers or invitees. Burning incense is
specifically prohibited at the market.
(12) 
The plumbing facilities, including grease interceptors, shall not be used for any other
purpose than that for which they are constructed, and no foreign substance of any kind
shall be thrown therein, and the expense of any breakage, stoppage, or damage
resulting from a vioiation of this provision shall be borne by Lessee who, or whose
employees, agents, or invitees caused it.
LEASE 20131212
ARCHIVE


(13) 
Lessee shall, at Lessee's sole cost and expense, comply with all regulations and
requirements of county, municipal, state, federal and other applicable governmental
authorities, now in force, or which may hereafter be in force, pertaining to Lessee's
business and use of the Premises, and shall faithfully observe in the use of the Premises
all municipal and county ordinances and state and federal statutes now in force or
which may hereafter be in force, and all regulations, orders and other requirements
issued or made pursuant to any such ordinances and statutes, including, without
limitation. Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 ("ADA") and the U.S.
Occupational Safety and Health Administration ("OSHA"). Notwithstanding the
foregoing. Lessor shall cause the structural portions of the Nashville Farmers' Market,
including the Premises, to comply with all applicable statutes, ordinances, rules,
regulations, orders, and requirements now or hereafter applicable thereto including,
but not limited to, any requirements imposed under ADA or OSHA; provided, however,
if with respect to the Premises, such compliance is necessitated by reason of Lessee's
particular manner of using the Premises, then such compliance will be accomplished by
Lessee at Lessee's expense.
(14) 
Lessee shall not offer gifts or remuneration of any type to Lessor's personnel,
maintenance staff, or contractors.
(15) 
Smoking is prohibited inside the Market House and anywhere inside the iron
gates/fence north and south of the Market House.
(16) 
Open flame is prohibited at the Nashville Farmers' Market by order of the Fire Marshal.
(17) 
Service animals are permitted, but no other pets or animals are allowed inside the
Market House.
(18) 
Selling or displaying any of the following is prohibited:
•
 items that vioiate federal, state, or local laws;
•
 stolen or counterfeit items;
•
 
medications of any type;
•
 live animals and birds;
•
 fireworks;
•
 weapons {i.e., anything that in the manner of its intended use is capable of
causing death or serious bodily injury); this prohibition shall not extend to
^
 knives manifestly designed and made for culinary purposes or table use;
•
 items that, at the determination of the Executive Director of designee,
could be found objectionable by a reasonable person {e.g., items that
condone, depict, or display nudity, racism, sexism, etcetera); and
•
 items not identified or referenced in this Lease, or subsequently approved
by Lessor in writing.
SECTIONS. MAINTENANCE
(a) 
Lessor Obligations. This Lease is intended t^ b^ a net lease; accordingly. Lessor's maintenance
obligations are limited to the replacement of the Building's roof and maintenance of the foundation and structural
members of exterior wails (the "Building's Structure"). The Building's Structure does not include Lessee
improvements or fixtures, all of which shall be maintained by Lessee. Lessor's obligation for any defects, repairs,
replacement or maintenance for which Lessor is specifically responsible for under this Lease shall be limited to the
cost of performing the work. Lessor shall not be responsible for:
(1) 
any such work until Lessee notifies Lessor of the need therefor in writing;
(2) 
any or repairs, replacement, or maintenance necessitated by Lessee's negligent or
improper use, as determined at Lessor's sole discretion; or
LEASE 20131212
ARCHIVE


(3) 
alterations to the structure of the Premises or building required by applicable law
because of Lessee's use of the Premises (which alterations shall be Lessee's
responsibility) or any acts or omissions by Lessee, its agents, employees or Invitees.
(b) 
Lessee Obiigationi Lessee agrees to keep the Premises In a clean and sanitary condition free of
trash, refuse and debris at all times during this Lease and to not cause damage to the Premises. Lessee agrees to
maintain any grease interceptors at the Lessor's standards of service and cleanliness. Lessee further agrees that
on the date this Lease terminates, for any reason whatsoever, the Premises will be left In a clean and sanitary
condition, which is in the same condition as Lessee received the Premises, excepting ordinary wear and tear.
(c) 
Right to Perform Lessee Obligations. Lessor may, but shall not be obligated to, perform Lessee's
maintenance, repair, and replacement obligations and any other responsibilities that are Lessee's obligation,
hereunder. Lessee shall reimburse Lessor, upon demand, for the cost incurred in so doing.
SECTION 9. UTILITIES
(a) 
Lessor Responsibilities. Lessor shall provide customary Common Area lighting, heating, air-
conditioning, electricity via approved wiring or outlets within the Lessee's leased Premises, water, and central
refuse collection area(s) for trash and recycling at no additional cost to Lessee.
(b) 
Lessee Responsibllitlesj Lessee shall obtain and be solely responsible for the cost of any utilities
required, used, or consumed in the Premises, including, but not limited to, telephone, internet, cable, and garbage
collection services, which shall be separately metered and direct billed to Lessee together with all taxes, penalties,
surcharges, and maintenance charges pertaining thereto. If Lessor elects to supply any of these utility services,
then Lessee shall pay to Lessor the cost of its utility consumption, along with the cost of installing separate
metering devices, if necessary. •
(c) 
Service Interruption. Lessee hereby agrees that Lessor shall not be liable for any Interruptions or
curtailment In utility services, of any type, due to causes beyond Lessor control or due to Lessor's alteration, repair
or improvement of the Premises or Lessor property.
SECTION 10. PROPERTY AND WAIVER OF LIABILITY
(a) 
Lessor may make available Lessor's personal property and fixtures located within the Premises
for the permitted use and any other use contemplated by this Lease. Further, any fixtures or structures [e.g.,
lighting, plumbed sinks, walls, counters, doors, and partitions) that Lessor approves for physical attachment to the
Premises shall become a part of the Premises and Lessor property. All Lessor personal property and fixtures shall
remain upon the Premises for the duration of the Lease. Upon the termination of this Lease, all Lessor personal
property and fixtures shall be surrendered as required hereunder.
(b) 
Any equipment, supplies, merchandise, products, or other property brought onto Lessor
property by Lessee or Lessee's employees, agents, contractors, members, licensees, customers, or invitees shall be
at the sole risk of Lessee.
(c) 
Lessor assumes no responsibility for any damage or loss of Lessee's personal property. Lessee
agrees to hold Lessor harmless from any damage or loss of Lessee's personal property located on the Premises.
SECTION 11. RIGHT-OF-ENTRY
(a) 
Lessor and authorized representatives, shall have the right to enter the Premises at all times for
the purpose of:
•
 pest control or exterminating services;
•
 exercising any right, power or remedy reserved to Lessor in this Lease;
•
 examining or inspecting the Premises;
•
 performing any obligation of Lessee with respect to which Lessee is in default under this
Lease; or,
•
 showing the Premises to prospective tenants.
10
LEASE 20131212
ARCHIVE


(b) 
Lessee shall be responsible for all payments made by Lessor for all costs and expenses (including,
without limitation, fees and expenses of attorneys, expert witnesses, architects.and other consultants) incurred by
Lessor in connection with the exercise of its rights under this Section.
(c) 
The exercise of any right reserved, under this Section, by Lessor or authorized representatives
shall not constitute an actual or constructive eviction, in whole or in part, or entitle Lessee to any abatement or
decrease of Rent or relieve Lessee from any of its obligations under this Lease or impose any liability on Lessor or
authorized representatives by reason of inconvenience or annoyance to Lessee or injury to or interruption of
Lessee's business or otherwise.
S^ION l|^ I^HAI^I^LjENS
Lessee shall comply with all requirements of this Lease prior to undertaking any work, services, materials
or labor that relates to any construction, improvement, or repair on, of, or to the Premises (reference Sections 2(d)
and 4(e), above). No work, services, materials or labor provided to Lessee in connection with its use and
occupation of the Premises shall be deemed to be for the benefit of the Lessor. If any lien shall at any time be filed
against the Premises or Lessor Property by reason of Lessee's failure to pay for any work, services, materials or
labor provided to Lessee, or alleged to have been so provided. Lessee shall immediately cause the same to be
discharged of record. In the event Lessee fails to cause any such lien to be discharged of record within ten (10)
days after it receives notice thereof. Lessor may discharge the same by paying the amount claimed to be due, with
the understanding that Lessor is under no obligation to do so. Should Lessor discharge any Lessee lien. Lessee
agrees to immediately reimburse Lessor for such amount plus Lessor's reasonable costs and reasonable attorneys'
fees, which total amount shall be due and owing as provided herein.
SECTION 13. INDEMNIFiCATiON AND HOLD HARMLESS
(a) 
Lessee shall indemnify and hold harmless Lessor, Metropolitan Government of Nashville and
Davidson County, and the State of Tennessee against and from any and all liabilities, obligations, damages, claims,
costs, losses, expenses, causes of action, and judgments (including, without limitation, reasonable fees and
expenses for attorneys, court costs, expert witnesses, architects, engineers and other consultants) which may be
imposed upon, incurred by or asserted against Lessor, the State of Tennessee, or officials, officers, employees and
agents thereof and which arise, in part or in whole, from the intentional or negligent acts or omissions by Lessee,
its employees, or any person acting for or on Lessee's behalf on Lessor property or In connection with the
occupation, use, maintenance, and operation of the Premises pursuant to this Lease including, but not limited to.
Lessee's failure to comply with the terms of this Lease or applicable law.
>
(b) 
In the event of any such suit or claim. Lessee shall give immediate notice thereof; assume any
and all responsibility and liability therefor; resist or defend the same, at Lessee's sole cost and expense, with
counsel of Lessee's choice; provide all related assistance required by Lessor or the State of Tennessee; and
reimburse all associated cost and expense, including but not limited to attorneys' fees, incurred by Lessor or the
State of Tennessee. Notwithstanding the foregoing. Lessor may, at its own option and expense, participate in the
defense of any such action, provided however that Lessee shall not be responsible for any settlement or
compromise made by Lessor without Lessee's prior written consent.
(c) 
Lessee shall indemnify Lessor and the State of Tennessee against all costs and expenses,
including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses for attorneys, court costs, expert witnesses, architects,
engineers and other consultants, incurred by Lessor or the State of Tennessee in the event such is needed to
enforce any obligation under this Lease or obtain possession of the Premises after Lessee default or Lessee failure
to surrender the Premises as required upon the expiration or termination of this Lease.
(d) 
The indemnities, assumptions of liabilities, and obligations herein provided shall continue in full
force and effect notwithstanding Lease termination, whether by expiration of time, operation of law, or otherwise.
SECTION 14. CONFLICT OF INTEREST
Lessee declares that as of the begin date of this Lease, no Metropolitan Government of Nashville and
Davidson County official, officer, or employee is directly or indirectly remunerated as a result of this Lease and,
furthermore. Lessee pledges that it will notify Lessor, in writing, should any of the above-referenced persons
become either directly or indirectly remunerated as a result of this Lease. Lessee declares that neither it nor any
11
LEASE 20131212
ARCHIVE


person acting for or on Lessee's behalf has given or donated, or promised to give or donate, either directiy or
indirectly, to any Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County official, officer, or employee, or to
anyone else for their benefit, any sum of money or other thing of value to aid or assist in obtaining this Lease.
Lessee pledges that neither it nor any person acting for or on Lessee's behalf will give or donate, or promised to
give or donate, either directly or indirectly, to any Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County
official, officer, or employee, or to anyone else for their benefit, any sum of money or other thing of value to aid or
assist in obtaining any amendment or modification to this Lease.
SECTION 15. NON-DISCRIMINATION
It is the policy of the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County not to discriminate on
the basis of age, race, sex, coior, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability in its hiring and
employment practices, or in admission to, access to, or operation of its programs, services, and activities. No
person shall be excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, be discriminated against in the admission or
access to, or be discriminated against in treatment or employment in the Metropolitan Government of Nashville
and Davidson County's contracted programs or activities, on the grounds of handicap and/or disability, age, race,
color, religion, sex, nationai origin, or any other classification protected by federal or Tennessee State
Constitutional or statutory law; nor shall they be excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be
otherwise subjected to discrimination in the performance of contracts with Metropolitan Government or in the
employment practices of the Metropolitan Government's contractors. Lessee certifies and warrants that it will
comply with this nondiscrimination requirement. Accordingly, Lessee shall be required to show, upon request,
proof of such nondiscrimination and to post notices of nondiscrimination in conspicuous places that are available
to all employees and applicants.
SECTION 16. FIRE OR OTHER CASUALTY
Should structural or permanent portions of the Premises be partially damaged by fire or other casualty.
Lessee shall give immediate notice thereof to Lessor and the same shall be repaired at the expense of Lessor
without unreasonable delay unless Lessor determines that the damage is so extensive that repair or rebuilding is
not feasible. From the date of such casualty until such area is so repaired, monthly payments hereunder shall
abate in such amount as may be reasonably determined by Lessor; provided, however, that if an area shall be so
slightly injured in any such casualty as not to be rendered unfit for occupancy, the compensation hereunder shall
not cease or be abated during any repair period. Should Lessor decide to rebuild then the Lessee shall have the
option to terminate the lease if the renovation is not complete within one hundred and eighty (180) days. Shouid
the damage to the area be so extensive as to render it untenantable, the compensation for such area shall cease,
on a pro-rata basis, untii such time it shall again be put in repair, but in the event of the area being damaged by fire
or other casualty to such an extent as to render it necessary in the exclusive judgment of Lessor not to rebuild the
same, then, at the option of Lessor or Lessee, and upon ten (10) days' written notice to the other of the damage,
this Lease, as it applies to said area, shall be canceled and of no further force or effect. Lessor's obligations to
rebuild or repair under this Section shall in any event be limited to restoring said area to substantially the condition
that existed prior to the commencement of improvements by Lessee.
SECTION 17. CONDEMNATION
(a) 
Total Taking. If the entire Premises are taken by right of eminent domain or conveyed in lieu
thereof (a "Taking"), this Lease shail terminate as of the date of the Taking.
(b) 
Partial Taking - Lessee's Rights. If any part of the Premises becomes subject to a Taking and such
Taking will prevent Lessee from conducting its business in the Premises in a manner reasonably comparable to that
conducted immediately before such Taking for a period of more than one hundred eighty (180) days, then Lessee
may terminate this Lease as of the date of such Taking by giving written notice to Lessor within thirty (30) days
after the Taking.
(c) 
Partial Taking - Lessor's Rights. If any material portion, but less than all, of the Building becomes
subject to a Taking, then Lessor may terminate this Lease by delivering written notice thereof to Lessee withig
thirty (30) days after such Taking. If Lessor does not so terminate this Lease, then this Lease will continue.
(d) 
Award. If any Taking occurs, then Lessor shall receive the entire award or other compensation
for (1) the land on which the Premises are situated, (2) the Premises, and (3) other improvements taken, and
12
LEASE 20131212
ARCHIVE


Lessee may separately pursue a claim against the condemnor for (1) the value of Lessee's personal property which
Lessee Is entitled to remove under this Lease, (2) moving costs and (3) loss of business. Lessee may not recover,
however, to the extent it will reduce Lessor's award.
SECTION 18. TERMINATION
(a) 
Termination for Default.
(1) 
The following shall constitute an event giving rise to a Termination for Default:
i. 
Any Lessee breach of material terms or conditions of this Lease or Lessor
determination that Lessee has otherwise failed to perform contracted duties
and responsibilities in a timely and proper manner and is unable to cure such
failure within the time provided in Section 18(a)(2), below, or such period of
time as specified by Lessor, taking into consideration the gravity and nature of
the default;
ii. 
Lessee fails to abide by any applicable laws, ordinances, rules and regulations of
the United States, the State of Tennessee, or the Metropolitan Government of,
Nashville and Davidson County;
iii. 
Lessee ceases to operate in the Premises under the Trade Name or in
accordance with the permitted use specified herein without prior written Lessor
consent;
iv. 
Lessee abandons or discontinues conducting its operations on the Premises;
V. 
Lessee is convicted of a felony;
vi. 
Lessee defaults or breaches any other contract between it and the Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County; or,
vii. 
Lessee violates Nashville Farmers'Market rules, guidelines, and facility-use
policies.
(2) 
Upon an actual determination of Lessee default. Lessor shall deliver written notice of
such default to Lessee. If such monetary default remains uncured for five (5) days, or if
such non-monetary default remains uncured for thirty (30) days, or either type of
default is incurable within the 30-day period after the receipt of such notice, then this
Lease shall terminate ("Termination for Default").
(3) 
Should this Lease be terminated for default. Lessor may lease the Premises to another
lessee, for such rent and on such terms as Lessor shall deem appropriate. In which case.
Lessee shall be liable to Lessor for any costs associated with the reletting of the
Premises and for administrative costs or other damages occasioned by its breach of the
terms of this Lease and incurred by Lessor. If a sufficient sum shall not be realized by
the reletting the Premises, after paying ail expenses of such reletting and collecting to
satisfy the rent hereby reserved. Lessee agrees to satisfy and pay any deficiency.
(4) 
The Termination for Default rights and remedies of Lessor provided in this Section are
non-exclusive and are in addition to any other rights and remedies provided by law or
under this Lease. Lessee is not relieved of its liability to Lessor for damages sustained by
virtue of a default of this Lease. Lessor reserves the right to cure any default without
terminating this Lease and seek reimbursement for such expenses from Lessee, with the
understanding that Lessor is under no obligation to correct any such default. Lessor's
exercise of its right to cure shall not act as a waiver of its right to terminate this Lease
for default as provided hereunder.
(b) 
Termination for Bankruptcv. The following shall constitute an event giving rise to a Termination
of this Lease:
13
LEASE 20131212
ARCHIVE


(1) 
Lessee files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent,
or shall file any petition or answer seeking any reorganization, arrangement,
composition, readjustment, liquidation, dissolution or similar relief under any present or
future bankruptcy or other applicable law, or shall seek or consent to or acquiesce in the
appointment of any trustee, receiver or liquidator of Lessee or of all or any substantial
part of Lessee's property or its leasehold interest in the Premises, or shall make any
general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or shall admit in writing its inability to
pay its debts generally as they become due;
(2) 
A court of competent jurisdiction enters an order, judgment or decree approving a
petition filed against Lessee seeking any reorganization, arrangement, composition,
readjustment, liquidation, dissolution or similar relief under any present or future
bankruptcy or other applicable law; or,
(3) 
Any trustee, receiver or liquidator of Lessee or of all or.any.substantial part of Lessee's
property or its leasehold interest in the Premises is appointed without the consent or
acquiescence of Lessee; and such order, judgment, decree or appointment remains
unvacated or unstayed for an aggregate of sixty (60) days (whether consecutive or
nonconsecutive).
(c) 
Termination for Convenience.
(1) 
Lessor may terminate this Lease for convenience (hereinafter "Termination for
Convenience") upon thirty (30) day written notice to Lessee.
(2) 
In the event this Lease is terminated for default and it is later determined that Lessee
was not In default, then such termination shall be deemed a Termination for
Convenience.
(d) 
Termination for Governmental Purpose. This Lease may be terminated should Lessor or superior
governmental authority decide termination is necessary for a governmental purpose.
SECTION 19. SURRENDER
(a) 
Upon the expiration or termination of this Lease,
(1) 
Lessee shall peaceably deliver up and surrender the Premises to Lessor in the same
condition as on the Begin Date, ordinary wear and tear excepted;
(2) 
all permanent alterations, installations, changes, replacements, additions or
improvements that have been made by Lessee to the Premises and cannot be removed
without material damage to the remainder of the Premises, shall be deemed a part of
the Premises and the same shall not be removed; and,
(3) 
all Lessor Property shall remain upon the Premises and shall be deemed to be part of
the Premises and the property of Lessor thereafter. Lessee''shall surrender all Lessor
Property in as good a condition as on the date of receipt, ordinary wear and tear
excepted.
(b) 
Any property remaining on the Premises or any property stored by Lessor which has not been
claimed and removed from the Nashville Farmers' Market by Lessee within ten (10) days after the expiration or
termination of this Lease shall be deemed abandoned by Lessee. At Lessor's option. Lessor may take possession of
and treat it as its own property (using or disposing of it at will) or store it at Lessee's sole cost, expense and risk.
Lessee hereby waives any right to claim the value thereof or damages therefore.
(c) 
After the surrender of the Premises, Lessor shall inspect and ascertain the condition of the
premises and damage, if any, and shall determine the cost of any cleaning or repair deemed necessary by Lessor.
Lessee shall pay such cost to and no later than ten (10) days following written demand by Lessor.
(d) 
If Lessee fails to surrender the Premises to Lessor, aS required herein. Lessee shall pay Lessor
FIVE FlUNDRED DOLLARS ($500.00) per day until Lessee surrenders the Premises, as and for liquidated damage.
Said amount being due and payable daily.
14
LEASE 20131212
ARCHIVE


SECTION 20. MISCELLANEOUS
•
 (a) 
Authority to Enter Agreement. The Lessee signatory below Is the Lessee or personally warrants
holding full authority to enter this contract on behalf Of Lessee.
(b) 
Acknowledgement. The Parties hereto, or their authorized representatiyes, acknowledge that
they haye read this Lease, including any annexes or attachments thereto, and haye sought and receiyed whateyer
competent adyice and counsel necessary for them to form a full and complete uriderstanding of all rights and
obligations hereunder.
(c) 
Lease Documents. This Lease is comprised of the following documents, which shall goyern in
order of precedence below in the eyent of a discrepancy or ambiguity regarding the duties, responsibilities, and
performance under this Lease:
(1) 
This Lease, including annexes hereto, signed by the Parties hereto, approyed, and filed
with the Metropolitan Clerk;
(2) 
Any duly authorized amendment signed by the Parties hereto, approyed, and filed with
the Metropolitan Clerk;
(3) 
Nashyille Farmers' Market rules, guidelines, and faciiity-use policies, as amended, made
a part of this Lease as though set forth in its entirety; and
(4) 
The Nashyille Farmers' Market Lease between the State of Tennessee and the
Metropolitan Goyernment of Nashville and Davidson County (originally dated May 18,
1995), as amended, incorporated by reference.
(d) 
Force Maieure. Neither Lessor nor Lessee shall be deemed in violation of this Lease if it is
prevented from performing any of the obligations hereunder by reason of strikes, boycotts, labor disputes,
embargoes, shortage of material, act of nature, acts of the public enemy, acts of superior governmental authority,
weather conditions, riots, rebellion, sabotage, or any other circumstances for which it is not responsible or which is
not within its control.
(e) 
No Assignment Without Consent. The provisions of this Lease shall inure to the benefit of and
shall be binding on the respective successors and assigns of the Parties hereto. Neither this Lease nor any of the
rights and obligations of Lessee hereunder shall be assigned or transferred in whole or in part to any person, firm
or corporation without the prior written consent of Lessor, which may be granted at the sole discretion of Lessor.
Any such assignment or transfer shall not release Lessee from its obligations hereunder. Any approved assignee
shall assume each and every obligation of Lessee hereunder, and Lessor may contract with or accept moneys from
any such assignee without waiving any of its rights. The administrative cost to document an assignment of lease
shall be FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($500.00).
(f) 
Applicable Law. The Parties agree that this Lease is entered and is to be performed in the State
of Tennessee, and that all provisions of this Lease and any dispute arising hereunder shall be governed by the laws
of the State of Tennessee. Any dispute arising out of this Lease shall be litigated in the courts of Davidson County,
Tennessee.
(g) 
Licenses. Permits, and Taxes. Lessee shall be responsible for meeting all requirements and
maintaining at its own expense all licenses, permits, certificates, and any other approvals or documentation, which
may be required to properly and legally operate Lessee's business at the Nashville Farmers' Market. Lessee shall
pay all taxes, fees, and charges required by any governmental authority in connection with Lessee use of the
Premises.
(h) 
Waiver. Any failure of Lessor to act in response to any breach of any of the provisions of this
Lease shall not be considered as a waiver of Its right to act on any subsequent violation or violations by Lessee, the
right to terminate this Lease because of a material breach being a continuing one. No waiver by Lessor of any
default shall operate as a waiver of any other default, or the same default on a future occasion, and no single or
partial exercise of a right or remedy shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof, or the exercise of any
other right or remedy.
15
LEASE 201B1212
ARCHIVE


(i) 
No Agency. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, Lessee is not the agent of Lessor.
It is expressly acknowledged that Lessor and Lessee are independent Parties. The Parties hereto are neither
partners nor joint venturers and neither shall the Parties hold themselves out to be partners or joint venturers.
This Agreement shall not be construed as a partnership, joint venture, or association. The employees or agents of
one Party shall not be deemed or construed to be the employees or agents of the other Party for any purpose
whatsoever. The Parties shall hold the status of Lessor and Lessee only.
(j) 
Notices. Ail notices required or permitted herein shall be delivered to a Party in person, by
United States Mail, or by private courier and as indicated below. Either Party shall have the right, by giving written
notice to the.other, to change the address at which its notices are to be received. 
/ i# ^ ; 
n
LESSOR: 
LESSEE: • 
^ 
k P I I
Market Director 
Delta SIjCMZ/
[s>l4€.
Nashville Farmers' Market 
'T'i i -7 
11
900 Rosa L. Parks Blvd. 
^ 
£ 'i 
(
Nashville, Tennessee 37208
(k) 
Notice of Claims. Each Party agrees to give the other Party immediate notice in writing of any
action or suit filed related in any way to this Lease, and of any claim made against It by any entity which may result
in litigation related in any way to this Lease.
(i) 
Attornment. Lessee shall attorn to any party succeeding to Lessor's interest in the Premises,
whether by purchase, foreclosure, deed in lieu of foreclosure, power of sale, termination of lease, or otherwise,
upon such party's request, and shall execute such agreements confirming such Attornment as such party may
reasonably request. Should the Nashville Farmers' Market Lease between the State of Tennessee and the
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County be terminated, the State of Tennessee, in its
discretion, may become the lessor;
(m) 
Entire Agreement. This Lease and the Annexes hereto constitute the totality of the agreement
between the Parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and supersede ail prior agreements, understandings,
negotiations and discussions, whether oral or written, of the Parties, and there are no warranties, representations,
or other agreements between the Parties in connection with the subject matter hereof except as set forth
specificaiiy herein.
(n) 
. Amendment. This Lease is subject to modification, alteration, amendment or change only upon
the mutual agreement of Lessor and Lessee, reduced to writing and signed by the Parties hereto. Any amendment,
as prescribed herein, shall be of full force and effect, as though originally agreed to and incorporated herein.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment shall become effective until it is approved by the Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County Directors of Finance, insurance, and Law and filed with the
Metropolitan Clerk.
(o) 
Severabilitv. If a court of competent jurisdiction holds that one or more clauses, sections or
provisions of this Lease is unlawful, invalid or unenforceable, the Parties hereto agree that ail remaining clauses,
sections and provisions shall continue in full force and effect.
(p) 
Prior Lease. The lease between Lessor and Lessee and signed by Lessee on DATE, if not already
terminated, shall terminate by mutual agreement on the date this Lease becomes effectiveJ
(q) 
Independent Covenants. LESSOR EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY THAT THE
PREMISES ARE SUITABLE FOR LESSEES INTENDED COMMERCIAL PURPOSE. IT IS FURTHER EXPRESSLY AGREED AND
UNDERSTOOD BY LESSEE THAT LESSEE'S OBLIGATION TO PAY RENT HEREUNDER IS AN INDEPENDENT COVENANT,
AND LESSOR'S FAILURE TO PERFORM ANY OF ITS OBLIGATIONS OR RESPONSIBILITIES HEREUNDER SHALL NOT
RESULT IN AN ABATEMENT OR REDUCTION OF RENT, ENTITLE LESSEE TO WITHHOLD ANY RENT OR OTHERWISE
AFFECT LESSEE'S LIABILITY FOR THE PAYMENT OF ALL RENT DUE HEREUNDER.
16
LEASE 20131212
ARCHIVE


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties agree to this Lease and do hereby warrant and represent that their
respective signatory whose signature appears below has been and Is on the date of signature duly authorized to
execute this contract.
LESSOR:
Metropolitan Government of
Nashville and Davidson County
Nashville Farmers' Market
Nashville
APPROVED AS TO FUNDS AVAILABILITY:
Director of Finance
APPROVED AS TO INSURANCE
REQUIREMENTS:
Director bflnsurance
APPROVED AS TO FORM ANDJ-EGALITY:
Department of Law
FILED WITH METROPOLITAN CLERK:
office of the Metropolitan Clerk
AUG - 8 2017
LESSEE:
Delta 61
BY:
Name:
Title:
STATE OF TENNESSEE
COUNTY OF
On this n
_ day of
before me personally appeared:
^wn tc^e or satisfactorily proven to be the person
lose name Is subscribed to the within instrument, and
who acknowledged that he or she executed the same
for the purposes therein contained, and who further
acknowledged that he or she is the Lessee or a
representative of and duly authorized by the Lessee to
execute this instrument on behalf of the Lessee.
(^(^A 
/Vru?^
'Public
. y 
/ 
r yf
My 
<3^ ^ 
02^ j
•n^TATf 
CJ
I %% 
''PUd^
''» M1 1. ^ ^
LEASE *20131212 
.
17
ARCHIVE


^ Ij -■: ' 'V
■i-'. ':\\fyc
■V,' 
-.0 
'.' 
--
' ','<,1.
• 
E"
•, 
••'•i ;cV..'''^
-■ 
>. - .. ■■•
RECEIVED
DIRECTOR OF FlNAMGi
Attachment 1
Market House Plan
LEASE 20130828
received
MAY 1 8 2017
DIRECTOR OF FINAMCE
ARCHIVE


View of proposed elevation:
Facing to be of real wood with a stainless steel or aluminum element
Counter top to be of stainless or granite
Logo will be cut out of metal - slightly elevated from the surface and back lit
Overhead will remain as is with a requested variance to include a TV monitor to be
used for a menu.
iCWiSB
iofilP C/(/^ -fvurvu^ £4xt^lc>3i^
—fyuA it A 
^
ARCHIVE


'A'lrw A taiflt. eapr oe
ASASS w 
(?v af
MA&S W(f« A fHUt copy 0*
SSAiji: WtTI^ A "fSIAt Co^Y <3f
owr
lESre
Order / Pick up
Counter 6" overhang
Stainless Rack
Rice-
Qjoker
KA at^W U .H,A_Ui 1/45? 
I-
Of
AjiS WnM A Tgl i^L COP
MJH AJfi!
^SmartDr
MfMSUJfm
sS:-^<
COPY
.Ai^fc WMH 
U'lia COPY m
pt
?^,A0&
tOh
mm
if k ml
On Wheels
r- 2 4
.v^TliE '.t
COPV
Wf !H A 3R» At COPY
t^,ABt WF/H A in A
COPY OP-
nj-1 A
I COPY O
Vi AI
riaitfjrav¥
\_
o
•-OTOE WMM If IflAt (.OP/ oe
v^C
«Aae '.vti« .yfRi
Vi^ I>t!yfy3i|[,f\ J^IAL LOP I OP
#'S'martDraw"
HH A iPIAL COPf OP
naitbVate
nflrtllf r tJfjrtfMf
Sfamlessf^pk
Clean Dshes
,V>AOg
4«
w 
■®>
Mfioe
Hood
oPiaoement 
macs
jh: P
■■%!• a
MACS
,<fe 
ja
C>«
asAce wsTii A fftifti COPY op
►SmaitDraw
MAOe WtTM A TElAt COPY OP
■ ^SiiiattDraw
MACS A'jfM A 'j'RiAt COPY OP
ivu'oe
Eledrital Panel
A^AOE
«AOI WrfH A YKlAt COPY Of
#SnartDra¥r 
#
ARCHIVE


ATTACHMENT 2
Approved Equipment
12.5 Foot Exhaust hood and Ansul System
6 Burner gas stove with oven
24" Gas charbroller
(2) 15" Gas floor fryers
4 Well Electric {240v) steam table
(1) 48" Under counter cooler
(2) 12" Counter top electric fryers
(2) Electric (120v) electric heat lamps
(1) Countertop drink cooler
ARCHIVE


ATTACHMENTS
Approved Prepared Food
ENTREES
Southern Buttermilk Fried Chicken and Belsian Waffles - Crisp on the outside, tender on the inside, two bone-in
chicken wings, and one waffle, served with Jack Daniels syrup and honey butter
Pan Seared Shrimp and Creamy Green Chili Rice — Pan sauteed shrimp served over a bed of our signature creamy
green chili rice
The Delta Bowl - Cajun spiced pan sauteed Gulf shrimp, sausage, com on the cob, and red-skinned potatoes, served with a
down home cheddar biscuit and lemon wedge
Mississippi Delta Red Beans and Down & 
Dirty Rice - Slow cooked red beans with a traditional "trinity mix" of
veggies plated over long grain rice and smoked sausage, with a side of Southem skillet combread - 
Served on Select Days
Delta Hot Wines Basket - Buttermilk battered chicken wings tossed in our special hot sauce, served with hearts of celery
and Mississippi comeback sauce
Chili Bowl - Truly warms the soul simmered with locally brewed beer, served over doubled fried french fries, garnished with
sour cream, shredded cheese and scallions (jalapenos optional)
Delta Catfish Basket - Locally brewed beer, battered catfish filets, gingerly seasoned, served with either fresh cut french or
yam fries, with a side of Mississippi comeback sauce
BREAKFAST
Mississippi Quiche- A breakfast casserole using free range eggs, hash browns, local sourced sausage, bell peppers and
onions, topped with whipped cream and fresh strawberries (when in season)
SANDWICHES
The Bailey - A crispy fried chicken tender served between toasted buns, topped with Tennessee tomatoes, rhixed greens, dill
pickles and Mississippi Come Back Sauce
The Delta Doe - An oversized sausage smothered in either locally brewed beer, chili or creamy mustard coleslaw topped with
caramelized onions and peppers served on a freshly toasted bun
The Bella - Blue Cheese Bacon Burger Slider, served on a toasted bun with bacon, avocado, iceberg lettuce, Tennessee
tomatoes, grilled red onion slices
The Bayou Sliders - Locally brewed beer battered fried fish filets topped with sweet creamy mustard coleslaw and sliced dill
pickle on a fresh toasted bun
*A11 sandwiches can be served grilled.
SALADS
The Vicksburs Salad - A grilled chicken on a bed of mixed greens topped with sliced green apples, dried cranberries,
avocado, walnuts and blue cheese crumbles
ARCHIVE


Mississippi Salad - A combination of toasted marshmallows and coconut, apples, walnuts or pecans, pineapple, maraschino
cherries, mandarin oranges and whipped cream
The Delta Salad - A bed of mixed greens topped with Tennessee tomatoes and shredded carrots
DESERTS
Bananas Foster - made to order with Tennessee Honey and Fire Whiskey, homemade spices and banana liqueur!
#1. Traditional with a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream
#2. Top off a crispy Belgian waffle
#3. Smothered over a light and fluffy beignet sprinkled with powdered sugar
Beisnets - Fluffy pillars of fried pastry heavily sprinkled with confectioner's powdered sugar! Sure to please any sweet tooth!
Top it with seasonal fresh fruit from our own farmers including peaches, strawberries and more...!
Vicksburs Float - Did you know Coca-Cola was first bottled in Vicksburg, MS? - Enjoy a cool and sweet combination of
Coca-Cola over a serving of vanilla bean ice cream
DRINKS
Ginger Fruit Tea - A refreshing blend of fruit juices and ginger tea makes this a cool healthy beverage - 
It's our own special
recipe!
Mississippi Coast Virgin Hurricanes - A chilled concoction of passion fruit juice, orange and pineapple juice with a
squeeze of fresh lemon garnished with a mint leaf
Sodas- Assorted drinks to include diet options
Bottled water
ON THE SIDE
Homemade Seasoned Yam Fries - Fresh, hand cut sweet potatoes sprinkled with a perfect blend of seasonings
Mississippi Sin Dip - A warm spicy cheese dip with ham, onions, and peppers served in a sourdough bread bowl
Hoppin' John - Better known as "Mississippi Caviar," it's a combination of com, black-eyed peas/black beans, scallions,
celery, green peppers, garlic and chopped tomatoes in a zesty dressing
Mac and Cheese - A creamy pasta dish served naked or topped v|/ith bacon or sausage crumbles
Double Fried French Fries - Twice fried, hand cut potatoes with a perfect blend of seasonings
Seasonal Vegetables - 
Available as a substitution for any side item 
,
*All menu items are available ala carte
We source fresh local ingredients as much as possible including Smiley's Farm, J.D. Milk, KLD
Farms and other Nashville Farmers Market farm vendors. We will approach The Picnic Tap for
local brewed beers and Jeni's for ice cream served with desserts.
ARCHIVE


Our paper products are 100% post-consumer recyclable as currently used in the NFM Grow
Local Kitchen.
We would like to reserve the right to prepare any classic Southern dish to add variety to our
menu and to respond to the needs of the market community to include, but not limited to pork
chops and meat loaf
ARCHIVE


Attachment 2
Approved Equipment
/
LEASE 20130828
ARCHIVE


Attachment 3
Approved Prepared Food
^
 (following this cover)
LEASE 20130828
ARCHIVE


Attachment 4
Approved Hours of Operation
(following this cover)
LEASE 20130828
ARCHIVE


Attachment 5
Approved Recycling and Food Waste Reduction Plan
(following this cover)
LEASE 20130828
ARCHIVE


ATTACHMENT 4
Approved Hours of Operation
It) AWX-'
After soft opening period, we will plan to operate from the hours 
6pm Tuesday
through Sunday as long as traffic flow of the market is conducive to the profit of the business.
We will make every effort to publicize market hours and provide offerings to increase market
traffic in what has traditionally been off peak hours.
We reserve the right to close on holidays other than when the market is already closed. We
also reserve the right to close for vacations and emergencies.
ARCHIVE


ATTACHMENTS
Recycling and Food Waste Reduction Plan
1. Food management based on customer sales
2. Food scrap composting / recycling
3. Food Service containers will be made from recycled or biodegradable materials
4. Encourage customers to use recycle bins provided by the market
5. Recycle cooking oil
ARCHIVE


Davidson County Clerk's Office
700 Second Avenue South, Suite 101
P.O. Box 196333
Nashville, Tennessee 37219-6333
615-862-6254
DELTA 61 LLC
311 SHADY CREEK LANE
NASHVILLE, TN 37211
dm) 
DPS
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON CODNTV BUSINESS
TAX LICENSE
BUSINESS NUMBER
198105
.RECEIPT NUMBER
0837360
THIS LICENSE EXPIRES
05/15/2018
[9\^ER(S)/0FFICER(S)
!AJilARA LWHITEHOUSE.
LENDA D KNOCK CARTER
, j'U^rNESS LOCATION ADDRESS
jlPEl^TA 61 LLC
ROSA PARKS BLVD
NASHVILLE, TN 37208
MUST DISPLAY IN A CONSPICUOUS PLACE
Contact Metro Codes to verify this location is properly
■^ned; 
^ 
- -
BUSINESS NUMBER
I98105
RECEIPT NUMBER
0837360
CLASSIFICATION
2
TAX PERIOD
FROM
TO.
ST
01/
ARTED
30/2017
THIS LICENSE EXPIRES 05/15/2018
ISSUEDATE 
■
02/09/2017
BRENDA WYNN, COUNTY CLERK
A ROBERSON
DEPUTY CLERK
CITY
COUNTY
TOTAL GROSS SALES
LESS DEDUCTIONS
BUSINESS T/U{ DUE
(LESS CREDITS)
MINIMUM TAX
PENALTY
INTEREST
NEW LICENSE FEE
15.00
15.00
TOTAL TAX DUE
15.00
15.00
COMBINED TOTAL
30.00
STANDARD BUSINESS TAX LICENSE
TOTAL DUE
$30.00
CHECK
$30.00
CHECK NO.
5069
CHANGE
$0.00
USER
AROBERSON
STATION
WK206
DRAWER
264
SITE
1
WORK DATE
02/09/2017
ARCHIVE


N0034601
9190709170131
TENNESSEE DEPARTMENT OF REVENUE
FRANCHISE AND EXCISE TAX
CERTIFICATE OF REGISTRATION
DELTA 61, LLC
311 SHADY CREEK LN
NASHVILLE TN 37211-6739
February 3, 2017
Account Type: FRAN/EXCS2
Account No.: 322787848
Effective Date: February 1, 2017
This is your valid Franchise and Excise Tax certificate. The account number on this certificate is used by the department
to identity your account and must be shown on all returns, request for extension of filing time, quarterly estimated tax
payments, and correspondence.
Please provide the account number to your tax preparer. Account numbers are required on all tax filings.
Reporting
All franchise anid excise tax returns are required to be filed and paid electronically. You are required to file your
franchise and excise tax return not later than the fifteenth day of the fourth month following the end of your fiscal year or
when you are required to file a federal tax return. You are required to file even if you've had not Tennessee business
activity during the annual reporting period.
Penalty & 
Interest
In order to avoid the penalty and interest, all returns must be filed and all associated tax payments must be made on or
before the due date for the reporting period unless an extension filing time has been approved.
David Gerregano 
^
Commissioner of Revenue
ARCHIVE


N0029201 
9189560170131
AGIICU
TENNESSEE DEPARTMENT OF REVENUE
Certificate of Business Tax Registration
DELTA 61,
311 SHADY
NASHVILLE
LLC
CREEK LN
TN 37211-6739
February 3, 2017
Effective Date: February 1, 2017
Account Type: BUS CITY
Account No.: 
506370725
Classification: 2
Jurisdiction: 
NASHVILLE
900 ROSA PARKS BLVD
NASHVILLE TN 37208
Your application for registration submitted for business tax has been processed. The account number oh this certificate is
used by the Department of Revenue to identify your account and must be shown on all returns and correspondence.
This certificate is not your business license . You must obtain the business license from your local county clerk; if
your business is in a city, you must obtain the municipal business license from your local municipal business tax official.
Requirement for a Complete Registration: Business lax registration is not complete until you have visited (in person
or online) the appropriate county clerk or municipal business tax official and paid the $15 new license fee to the clerk. You
may present this certificate to the local clerk to document completion of the registration application.
Entities subject to the business tax that do not have an established physical location or other place of business in
Tennessee and entities subject to the business tax in Classification 5 (industrial loan and thrift companies) are not required
to obtain a business license from a county or municipality in the state.
Filing Returns: Effective January 1. 2014. all business tax returns should be filed and all business tax payments should
be made electronically. Persons subject to the tax must file the appropriate annual return for each business license
obtained and remit the appropriate amount of tax due but not less than the minimum tax required. You are required to
file the annual return even if only tlie minimum tax is due. Visit http://apps.tn.gov;^iztax to file your business tax
retum(s) electronically.
Due Date: The due date of the return is the 15th day of the fourth month after the close of the business year end. For
example, if your business is set up on with a business year end of December 31st, your tax return is due on or before April
15th of the following year. 
,
License Renewal: Once you have filed the appropriate business tax returns with the Department of Revenue and have
paid the tax due, you may obtain a renewal of your business license through your local county clerk or municipal business
tax official, as appropriate.
Penalty & 
Interest: In order to avoid penalty and interest all returns must be filed and all tax must be remitted on or
before the due date of the return.
For additional information regarding this account you may call Taxpayer Services between 8:00 a.m. and 4:30 p.m.,
Monday through Friday, holidays excepted. Please see the reverse of this notice for our local offices and phone numbers.
David Gerregano
Commissioner of Revenue
T-
ARCHIVE


N0029201
9188463170131
TENNESSEE DEPARTMENT OF REVENUE
Certificate of Business Tax Registration
DELTA 61, LLC
311 SHADY CREEK LN
NASHVILLE TN 
37211-6739
February 3, 2017
Effective Date; February 1, 2017
Account Type; BUS COUNTY
Account No.;
Classification;
Jurisdiction;
174905287
2
DAVIDSON
900 ROSA PARKS BLVD
NASHVILLE TN 37208
Your application for registration submitted for business tax has been processed. The account number on this certificate is
used by the Department of Revenue to identify your account and must be shown on all returns and correspondence.
This certificate is not your business license . You must obtain the business license from your local county clerk; if
your business is in a city, you must obtain the municipal business license from your local municipal business tax official.
Requirement for a Complete Registration; Business tax registration is not complete until you have visited (in person
or online) the appropriate county clerk or municipal business tax official and paid the S15 new license fee to the clerk. You
may present this certificate to the local clerk to document completion of tlie registration application.
Entities subject to the business tax that do not have an established physical location or other place of business in
Tennessee and entities subject to the business tax in Classification 5 (industrial loan and thrift companies) are not required
to obtain a business license from a county or municipality in the state.
Filing Returns; Effective January 1, 2014, all business tax returns should be filed and all business tax payments should
be made electronically. Persons subject to the tax must file the appropriate annual return for each business license
obtained and remit the appropriate amount of tax due but not less than the minimum tax required. You are required to
file the annual return even if only the minimum tax is due. Visit http://apps.tn.gov/biztax to file your business tax
retum(s) electronically.
Due Date: The due date of the return is the 15th day of the fourth month after the close of the business year end. For
example, if your business is set up on with a business year end of December 31st, your tax return is due on or before April
15th of the following year.
License Renewal: Once you have filed the appropriate business tax returns with the Department of Revenue and have
paid the tax due, you may obtain a renewal of your business license through your local county clerk or municipal business
tax official, as appropriate.
Penalty & 
Interest; In order to avoid penalty and interest all returns must be filed and all tax must be remitted on or
before the due date of the return.
For additional information regarding this account you may call Taxpayer Services between 8:00 a.m. and 4:30 p.m.,
Monday through Friday, holidays excepted. Please see the reverse of this notice for our local offices and phone numbers.
David Gerregano 
^
Commissioner of Revenue
ARCHIVE


AGRIC
Tre Hargett
Secretary of State
Division of Business Services
Department of State
State of Tennessee
312 Rosa L. Parks AVE, 
6th FL
NashviUe, TNf 37243-1102
Delta 61. LLC
311 SHADY CREEK LN
NASHVILLE, TN 37211-6739
January 30, 2017
Filing Acknowledgment
Please review the filing information below and notify our office immediately of any discrepancies.
SOS Control #:
000886182
Formation Locale: TENNESSEE
Filing Type:
Limited Liability Company - Domestic
Date Formed: 
01/30/2017
Filing Date:
01/30/2017 1:57 PM
Fiscal Year Close: 12
Status:
Active
Annual Report Due:04/01/2018
Duration Term:
Perpetual
Image #: 
B0338-4787
Managed By:
Member Managed
Business County:
DAVIDSON COUNTY
Document Receipt
Receipt#: 003078167
Filing Fee: 
$300.00
Payment-Credit Card - State Payment Center - CC #: 3693582456
$300.00
Registered Agent Address:
TAMARA LYNN WHITEHOUSE
311 SHADY CREEK LN
NASHVILLE, TN 37211-6739
Principal Address:
311 SHADY CREEK LN
NASHVILLE, TN 37211-6739
Congratulations on the successful filing of your Articles of Organization for Delta 61, LLC in the State of Tennessee
which is effective on the date shown above. You must also file this document in the office of the Register of Deeds in
the county where the entity has its principal office if such principal office is in Tennessee. Please visit the Tennessee
Department of Revenue website (apps.tn.gov/bizreg) to determine your online tax registration requirements. If you
need to obtain a Certificate of Existence for this entity, you can request, pay for, and receive it from our website.
I
You must file an Annual Report with this office on or before the Annual Report Due Date noted above and maintain a
Registered Office and Registered Agent. Failure to do so will subject the business to Administrative
Dissolution/Revocation.
Tre Hargett ^
Secretary of State
Phone (615) 741-2286 * Fax (615) 741-7310 * Website: http://tnbear.tn.gov/
ARCHIVE


T"nQDEPJ^TMENT OF THE TREASURY
internal revenue service
CINCINNATI OH 
45999-0023
Date of this notice: 01-30-2017
Employer Identification Number:
81-5159062
DELTA 61 LLC
TAMARA L WHITEHOUSE MBR
311 SHADY CREEK LN
NASHVILLE, TN 37211
Form: SS-4
Number of this notice: CP 575 A
For assistance you may call us at:
1-800-829-4933
IF YOU WRITE, ATTACH THE
STUB AT THE END OF THIS NOTICE.
WE ASSIGNED YOU AN EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER
Thank you for applying for an Employer Identification Number (EIN). We assigned you
EIN 81-5159062. This EIN will identify yOu, your business accounts, tax returns, and
documents, even if you have no employees. Please keep this notice in your permanent
records.
When filing tax documents, payment^, and related correspondence, it is very import^t
that you use your EIN and complete name amd address exactly as shown above. Any variation
may cause a delay in processing, result in incorrect information in your account, or even
cause you to be assigned more than one EIN. If the information is not correct as shown
above, please make the correction using the attached tear off stiib and return it to us.
Based on the information received from you or your representative, you must file
the following form(s) by the date(s) shown.
Form 941
Form 940
Form 1065
07/31/2017
01/31/2018
03/15/2018
If you have questions about the form(s) or the due date(s) shown, you can call us at
the phone number or write to-us at the address shown at the top of this notice. If you
need help in determining your annual accounting period (tax year), see Publication 538,
Accounting Periods and Methods.
We assigned you a tax classification based on information obtained from you or your
representative. It is not a legal determination of your tax classification, and is not
binding on the IRS. If you want a legal determination of your tax classification, you may
request a private letter ruling from the IRS under the guidelines in Revenue Procedure
2004-1, 2004-1 I.R.B. 1 (or superseding Revenue Procedure for the year at issue). Note:
Certain tax classification elections can be requested by filing Form 8832, Entity
Classification Election. See Form 8832 cind its instructions for additional information.
A limited liability conpany (LLC) may file Form 8832, Entity Classification
Election, and elect to- be classified as an association taxable as a corporation. If
the LLC is eligible to be treated as a corporation that meets certain tests and it
will be electing S corporation status, it must timely file Form 2553, Election by a
Small Business Corporation. The LLC will be treated as a corporation as of the
effective date of the S corporation election and does not need to file Form 8832.
ARCHIVE


(IRS USE ONLY) 
575A 
01-30-2017 DELT B 9999999999 SS-4
If you are required to deposit for employment taxes (Forms 941, 943, 940, 944, 945,
CT-1, or 1042), excise taxes (Form 720), or income taxes (Form 1120), you will receive a
Welcome Package shortly, which includes instructions for making your deposits .
electronically through the Electronic Federal Taut Payment System (EFTPS). A Personal
Identification Number (PIN) for EFTPS will also be sent to you under separate cover.
Please activate the PIN once you receive it, even if you have requested the services of a
tax professional or representative. For more information about EFTPS, refer to
Publication 966, Electronic Choices to Pay All Your Federal Taxes. If you need to
make a deposit immediately, you will need to make arrangements with your Financial
Institution to complete a wire transfer.
The IRS is committed to helping all taxpayers comply with their tax filing
obligations. If you need help completing your returns or meeting your tax obligations.
Authorized e-file Providers, such as Reporting Agents (payroll service providers) are
availctble to assist you. Visit the IRS Web site at www.irs.gov for a list of companies
that offer IRS e-file for business products and services. The list provides addresses,
telephone numbers, and links to their Web sites.
To obtain tax forms and publications, including those referenced in this notice,
visit our Web site at www.irs.gov. If you do not have access to the Internet, call
1-800-829-3676 (TTY/TDD 1-800-829-4059) or visit your local IRS office.
IMPORTANT REMINDERS;
*
 Keep a copy of this notice in your permanent records. This notice Is issued only
one time and the IRS will not be able to generate a duplicate copy for you. You
may give a copy of this document to cuiyone asking for proof of your BIN.
* Use this EIN and your name exactly as they appear at the top of this notice on all
your federal tax forms.
*
 Refer to this EIN on your tax-related correspondence and documents.
If you have questions about your EIN, you can call us at the phone nvanber or write to
us at the address shown at the top of this notice. If you write, please tear off the stub
at the bottom of this notice and send it along with your letter. If you do not need to
write us, do not complete and return the stub.
Your name control associated with this EIN is DELT. You will need to provide this
information, along with your EIN, if you file your returns electronically.
Thank you for your cooperation.
ARCHIVE


N0001401 
9186107170131
TENNESSEE DEPARTMENT OF REVENUE
CERTIFICATE OF REGISTRATION
DELTA 61, LLC
311 SHADY CREEK LN
NASHVILLE IN 37211-6739
February 3,2017
Account Type; 
SALES&USE
AccountNo.: 
107218717
Filing Status: 
MONTHLY
We have received and processed your application for registration. Your valid certificate is attached below. This certificate must be
npOblicly^di^rayeS'atThe^ocatiotTlofwHichit'-is-isitied.^he-accc^uniltuffib'ef-olrtRis-certiftcated'slilseS'BpTKe'depafl
account and must be shown on all reports and correspondence. The reverse side of this certificate contains important information
regarding change anb/or cancellation instructions. This certificate is not assignable and is valid only for the person (entity) to whom it is
issued. 
)
T.C.A. 67-6-607 Unauthorized Use of Certificate
It is a class C misdemeanor for any person having a certificate of registration to:
(1) Use such certificate for the purpose of purchasing tangible personal property subject to the tax herein levied except for resale, unless
authorized to do so by other provisions of this chapter and the rules and regulations adopted pursuant thereto; or
(2) Useor consume any tangible personal property purchased or otherwise acquired under the certificate of registration and subject to
the privilege taxes herein levied without paying the privilege taxes.
1
Reponlng
All sales and use tax returns must be filed and associated tax payments must be paid electronically. You are required to file your monthly,
quarterly, or annual return, according to your filing frequency, even if no tax is due. if your business opens after the 20th of the month, do
not file a separate return covering only the days remaining in the month. Rather, include those days on the return covering your first full
filing period.
Penalty & Interest
In order to avoid the penalty and Interest, all returns must be filed and all associated tax payments must be made on or before the due date
for the reporting period.
DETACH HERE AND DISPLAY IN PUBLIC AREA
TENNESSEE DEPARTMENT OF REVENUE
CERTIFICATE OF REGISTRATION
SALES&USE
This certificate miilst be publicly displayed
DELTA 61, LLC
900 ROSA PARKS BLVD
NASHVILLE, TN 37208
Account Type: SALES&USE
AccountNo.: 
107218717
Effective Date: February 1, 2017
David Gerregano
COMMISSIONER OF REVENUE
ARCHIVE


y\COKCr
CERTIFICATE OF LIABILITY INSURANCE
DATE (MM/DDA'YYY)
2/28/2017
THIS CERTIFICATEIS ISSUED AS A MATTER OF INFORMATION ONLY AND CONFERS NO RIGHTS UPON THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER. THIS
CERTIFICATE DOES NOT AFFIRMATIVELY OR NEGATIVELY AMEND, EXTEND OR ALTER THE COVERAGE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES
BELOW. THIS CERTIFICATE OF INSURANCE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A CONTRACT BETWEEN THE ISSUING INSURER(S), AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OR PRODUCER, AND THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER.
IMPORTANT: If the certificate holder is an ADDITIONAL INSURED, the policy(ies) must have ADDITIONAL INSURED provisions or be endorsed.
If SUBROGATION IS WAIVED, subject to the terms and conditions of the policy, certain policies may require an endorsement. A statement on this
certificate does not confer rights to the certificate holder in lieu of such endorsement(s).
PRODUCER
SPANN INSURANCE INC/PHS
246326 P:(866) 467-8730 F:(888) 443-6112
PO BOX 29611
CHARLOTTE NC 28229
CONTACT
NAME:
(A/c.'fto,Exi): (866) 467-8730 
no); (888) 443-6112
E-MAIL
ADDRESS:
INSURER(S)AFTORDING COVERAGE 
NAIC#
INSURER A
Sentinel Ins Co LTD
11000
INSURED
DELTA 61, LLC
PO BOX 3092
BRENTWOOD TN 37024
INSURER B
INSURER C
INSURER D
INSURER E
INSURER F
COVERAGES 
CERTIFICATE NUMBER; 
REVISION NUMBER:
THIS IS TO CERTIFY THAT THE POLICIES OF INSURANCE LISTED BELOW HAVE BEEN ISSUED TO THE INSURED NAMED ABOVE FOR THE POLICY PERIOD
INDICATED. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY REQUIREMENT. TERM OR CONDITION OF ANY CONTRACT OR OTHER DOCUMENT WITH RESPECT TO WHICH THIS
CERTIFICATE MAY BE ISSUED OR MAY PERTAIN, THE INSURANCE 
AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES DESCRIBED HEREIN IS SUBJECT TO ALL THE
TERMS.EXCLUSIONS AND CONDITIONS OF SUCH POLICIES. LIMITS SHOWN MAY HAVE BEEN REDUCED BY PAID CLAIMS.
ItiSR
LTR
TYPE OF 
INSURANCE
ADDL
INSR
SUBR
}YVP
POLICYNUMBER
POLICY EPF
(MM/DD/YYYY)
POLICYEXP
/\f\f/nn/VYYYl
COMMERCIAL GENERAL LIABILITY
CLAIMS-MADE
X
EACH OCCURRENCE
$1,000,000
DAMAGE TO RENTED
PREMISES (Ea occurrence)
5I,000,000
General Liab
20 SEA RB2339
09/08/2016
09/08/2017
MED EXP (Any one person)
$10, 000
PERSONAL & ADV INJURY
GEN'L AGGREGATE LIMIT APPLIES PER:
PRO
JECT
OTHER;
POLICY□:
LOC
GENERAL AGGREGATE
$2, 000, 000
PRODUCTS - COMP/OP AGG
$2, 000, 000
1,000,000
AUTOMOBILE LIABILITY
ANY AUTO
COMBINED SINGLE LIMIT
(Ea accident)
BODILY INJURY (Per person)
OWNED
AUTOS ONLY
HIRED
AUTOS ONLY
SCHEDULED
AUTOS
NON-OWNED
AUTOS ONLY
BODILY INJURY (Per accident)
PROPERTY DAMAGE
(Per accident)
UMBRELLA LIAB
EXCESS LIAB
OCCUR
CLAIMS-MADE
EACH OCCURRENCE
RETENTION $
IVORKERS COMPENSATION
AND EMPLOYERS'LIABILITY
ANY PROPRIETOR/PARTNER/EXECUTIVE
OFFICER/MEMBER EXCLUDED?
(Mandatory in NH)
If yes, describe under
DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS below
PER
STATUTE
OTH
ER
E.LEACH ACCIDENT
□
E.L. DISEASE- EA EMPLOYEE
E.L. DISEASE - POLICY LIMIT
DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS/LOCATIONS/ VEHICLES (ACORD101, AddlUonal Remarks Schedule, may be attached If more space Is required)
Those usual to the Insured's Operations.
CERTIFICATE HOLDER
CANCELLATION
STATE OF TENNESSEE
WILLIAM R. SNODGRASS TENNESSEE TOWER
312 ROSA L PARKS AVE
NASHVILLE, TN 37243
SHOULD ANY OF THE ABOVE DESCRIBED POLICIES BE CANCELLED
BEFORE THE EXPIRATION DATE THEREOF, NOTICE WILL BE
DELIVERED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE POLICY PROVISIONS.
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
ACORD 25 (2016/03)
© 1988-2015 ACORD CORPORATION. All rights reserved.
The ACORD name and logo are registered marks of ACORD
ARCHIVE


POLICY NUMBER: 20 SBA RB233 9
THIS ENDORSEMENT CHANGES THE POLICY. PLEASE READ IT CAREFULLY.
ADDITIONAL INSURED - MANAGER/LESSOR
LOG 002 BLDG 001
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
METRO COURTHOUSE STE 108
NASHVILLE, TN 37201
LOG 002 BLDG 001
STATE OF TENNESSEE
WILLIAM R. SNODGRASS TENNESSEE TOWER
312 ROSA L PARKS BLVD
NASHVILLE, TN 37243
Form IH 12 00 11 85 T SEQ. NO. 003 
Printed in U.S.A. Page 001
Process Date: 02/27/17 
Expiration Date: 09/08/17
ARCHIVE
