ExtH Bit D
GRANT CONTRACT 2024-R13-LDC BETWEEN
THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE
BY AND THROUGH
THE METROPOLITAN HOUSING TRUST FUND COMMISSION AND
Living Development Concepts, Inc.

This Grant Contract issued and entered into by and between the Metropolitan Government of

Nashville and Davidson County, a municipal corporation of the State of Tennessee hereinafter

referred to as “Metro”, and Living Development Concepts, Inc., hereinafter referred to as the

“Recipient,” is for the provision of the construction of affordable housing as further defined in the

“SCOPE OF PROGRAM." Living Development Concepts, Inc. will be developing 3 affordable

housing units located at 0 Dabbs Ave, 37217 (D13), 8 Cannon St, 37210 (D17), 0 Ezell Rd,

37211 (D28). The Recipient’s grant budget is incorporated herein by reference. The Recipient is

a nonprofit charitable or civic organization.

A. SCOPE OF PROGRAM:

A.1,__ Each Property to which these grant funds are provided for shall be subject to a
Declaration of Restrictive Covenants (“Declaration”) imposing certain
affordability requirements to encumber the Property and run with the land over
a 30-year term (“Affordability Period”). Terms defined in the Declaration shall
have the same meanings when used in this Agreement.

A.2. The Recipient shall use the funds under this grant in accordance with the affordable
housing project described in the Scope of Work, which is incorporated herein and
attached hereto as Attachment A, and any of its amendments and subject to the terms
and conditions set forth herein.

A.3. The Recipient, under this Grant Contract, will spend funds solely for the purposes set
forth in the work scope outlined in Attachment A. These funds shall be expended
consistent with the Grant Budget, included in Attachment B. Although some variation in
line-item amounts for the Grant is consistent with the Grant Budget, any change greater
than 20% of a draw category shall require the prior written approval of the Metro Housing
Director. However, in no event will the total amount of the Grant funds provided to
Recipient go above the Grant Award amount of $375,000.

A.4. This Grant Contract by and through the Housing Trust Fund Commission and the
Recipient is expressly limited to the Grant award and for the purposes described herein.
Prior to the use of any funds, the property must be properly zoned, and it is the sole
responsibility of the Recipient to pursue any necessary rezoning or other land use
change. This Grant Contract in no way serves to supersede the authority of the Metro
Nashville Planning Commission or the Metropolitan Council’s authority to approve or
deny zoning or land use changes on the proposed property and shall not be used for
such purposes.

A.5. The Grantee will allow Metro or a Metro-approved contractor to conduct on-site
inspections of the grantee for compliance Barnes program requirements.

A.6. Requirements for Homeownership Projects:

a. Recipient shall ensure that initial homeowners and subsequent homeowners are
income-eligible during the Affordability Period. Income eligibility is determined and
{NO281585,1) 1
ARCHIVE


documented at the time a prospective homebuyer enters into a program agreement
with the Recipient. Income- eligible is defined as households with incomes at or
below 80% of the Area Median Income (AMI), adjusted by household size. The AMI
is established annually by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development,
and Recipient shall follow the AMI in effect at the time of purchase.

b. Sales prices should be affordable to households with incomes at 80% AMI. Should
the project include the creation of a Homeowners Association (“HOA”), Recipient
shall ensure that the sales prices of the homes and HOA fees combined are
affordable to households with incomes at 80% AMI.

c. Atleast annually during the Affordability Period, Recipient shall remind homeowners
of the resale limitations placed upon the property.

B. GRANT CONTRACT TERM:

B.1._ Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant shall be from execution of the grant
agreement until Project completion, but in no way greater than 24 months from the
execution of the grant agreement. Metro shall have no obligation for services rendered
by the Recipient which are not performed within this term. Pursuant to Metropolitan
Code of Laws § 2.149.040 (G), in the event the recipient fails to complete its obligations
under this grant contract within twenty-four months from execution, Metro is authorized
to rescind the contract and to reclaim previously appropriated funds from the
organization.

Cc. PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

C.1. Maximum Liability. In no event shall the maximum liability of Metro under this Grant
Contract exceed Three Hundred Seventy-Five Thousand Dollars ($375,000)

(“Grant Award”). The Grant Budget, attached and incorporated herein as part of

Attachment B, details the project budget, and the Grant Award shall constitute the

maximum amount to be provided to the Recipient by Metro for all of the Recipient’s

obligations hereunder. The Grant Budget line items include, but are not limited to,

all applicable taxes, fees, overhead, and all other direct and indirect costs incurred

or to be incurred by the Recipient.

The Grant Award shall constitute the entire compensation to be provided to the Recipient

by Metro.

C.2. Compensation Firm. The maximum liability of Metro is not subject to escalation for any
reason. The Grant Budget amount is firm for the duration of the Grant Contract and is
not subject to escalation for any reason unless the grant contract is amended.

C.3. Payment Methodology. The Recipient shall be compensated for actual costs based
upon the Grant Budget, not to exceed the maximum liability established in Section C.1.
Upon execution of the Grant Contract and receipt of a request for payment, the
Recipient may be eligible to receive reimbursement for milestones as completed based
upon the Grant Budget.

(N0281585.1} 2


a. Grant Draws
1) Construction Grant Draw Schedule

e Recipient shall submit draw requests in accordance with the Draw Schedule
provided in Attachment C. Changes to the Draw Schedule shall require an
amendment to the Grant Contract.

e Before a draw can be made, there must be a physical inspection of the property
by Metro or an approved designee unless otherwise specified. The inspection
must confirm appropriate completion of the project.

2) Construction Grant Draw Process

e Recipient must submit draw requests in the form and according to the
directions provided by Metro.

e Allinvoices shall be sent to: bfpayments@nashville.gov

e Said payment shall not exceed the maximum liability of this Grant Contract.

e Final invoices for the contract period should be received by Metro Payment
Services by 24 months from the execution of the grant agreement. Any
invoice not received by the deadline date will not be processed and all
remaining grant funds will expire.

C.4. Close-out Expenditure and Narrative Report. The Recipient must submit a final grant
Close-out Expenditure and Narrative Report, to be received by the Metropolitan Housing
Trust Fund Commission / Barnes Housing Trust Fund within 45 days of project
completion in conjunction with the submission of the final draw on the award. Said report
shall be in form and substance acceptable to Metro and shall be prepared by a Certified
Public Accounting Firm or the Chief Financial Officer of the Recipient Organization. It
should detail the outcomes of the activities funded under this Grant Contract.

C.5. Payment of Invoice. The payment of any invoice by Metro shall not prejudice Metro's
right to object to the invoice or any matter in relation thereto. Such payment by Metro
shall neither be construed as acceptance of any part of the work or service provided nor
as an approval of any of the costs included therein.

C.6. Unallowable Costs. The Recipient's invoice shall be subject to reduction for amounts
included in any invoice or payment theretofore made which are determined by Metro, on
the basis of audits or monitoring conducted in accordance with the terms of this Grant
Contract, to constitute unallowable costs.

C.7. Deductions. Metro reserves the right to adjust any amounts which are or shall become
due and payable to the Recipient by Metro under this or any Contract by deducting any
amounts which are or shall become due and payable to Metro by the Recipient under
this or any Contract.

{NO281585, 1} 3


C.8. Electronic Payment. Metro requires as a condition of this contract that the Recipient :
shall complete and sign Metro's form authorizing electronic payments to the Recipient.
Recipients who have not already submitted the form to Metro will have thirty (30) days to
complete, sign, and return the form. Thereafter, all payments to the Recipient, under this
or any other contract the Recipient has with Metro, must be made electronically.

C.9. | Procurement. Recipient agrees and understands that procurement of goods and services
for the grant project must comply with state and local law and regulations, including the
Metropolitan Procurement Code. Recipient will provide Metro with all plans and
specifications needed for these procurement purposes. Recipient will promptly review,
and either approve or disapprove, in good faith and with reasonable grounds all
estimates, amendments to scope of work, and all work performed by a contractor prior to
payment.

C.10. Public Meetings. At the reasonable request of Metro, Recipient agrees to attend public
meetings, neighborhood meetings, and other events regarding this Project.

C.11. Recognition. Any signage, printed materials, or online publications erected at the
applicable Project site or elsewhere regarding the Project shall include the following
language or language acceptable by Metro acknowledging that the Project is partially
funded with a grant from the Barnes Fund for Affordable Housing of the Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County:

This project funded in part by the Barnes Affordable Housing Trust Fund of the
Metropolitan Government of Nashville & Davidson County.

Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission

Freddie O’Connell, Mayor

Metropolitan Council of Nashville and Davidson County

D. STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

D.1. Required Approvals. Metro is not bound by this Grant Contract until it is approved by the
appropriate Metro representatives as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.

D.2. Modification and Amendment. This Grant Contract may be modified only by a written
amendment that has been approved in accordance with all Metro procedures and by
appropriate legislation of the Metropolitan Council.

D.3. Default and Termination for Cause. Any failure by Owner to perform any term or
provision of this Grant Contract shall constitute a "Default" (1) if such failure is curable
within 30 days and Recipient does not cure such failure within 30 days following written
notice of default from Metro, or (2) if such failure is not of a nature which cannot
reasonably be cured within such 30-day period and Recipient does not within such 30-
day period commence substantial efforts to cure such failure or thereafter does not
within a reasonable time prosecute to completion with diligence and continuity the
curing of such failure. Should the Recipient Default under this Grant Contract or if the
Recipient violates any terms of this Grant Contract, Metro shall have the right to
immediately terminate the Grant Contract and the Recipient shall return to Metro any
and all grant monies for services or projects under the grant not performed as of the
termination date. The Recipient shall also return to Metro any and all funds expended
for purposes contrary to the terms of the Grant. Such termination shall not relieve the

(€N0281585.1} 4
ARCHIVE


Recipient of any liability to Metro for damages sustained by virtue of any breach by the
Recipient.

D.4. | Subcontracting. The Recipient shall not assign this Grant Contract or enter into a
subcontract for any of the services performed under this Grant Contract without obtaining
the prior written approval of Metro. Notwithstanding any use of approved subcontractors,
the Recipient shall be considered the prime Recipient and shall be responsible for all
work performed.

D.5. Conflicts of Interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount shall
be paid directly or indirectly to an employee or official of Metro as wages, compensation,
or gifts in exchange for acting as an officer, agent, employee, subcontractor, or
consultant to the Recipient in connection with any work contemplated or performed
relative to this Grant Contract.

The Grantee also recognizes that no person identified as a Covered Person below may
obtain a financial interest or benefit from a Metro Housing Trust Fund Competitive Grant
assisted activity, or have an interest in any contract, subcontract, or agreement with
respect thereto, or the proceeds thereunder, either for themselves or those whom they
have family or business ties, during their tenure or for one year thereafter.

Covered Persons include immediate family members of any employee or board member
of the Grantee. Covered Persons are ineligible to receive benefits through the Metro
Housing Trust Fund Competitive Grant program. Immediate family ties include (whether
by blood, marriage, or adoption) a spouse, parent (including stepparent), child (including
a stepbrother or stepsister), sister, brother, grandparent, grandchild, and in-laws of a
Covered Person.

D.6. Nondiscrimination. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person
shall be excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected
to discrimination in the performance of this Grant Contract or in the employment
practices of the Recipient on the grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion, sex,
national origin, or any other classification which is in violation of applicable laws. The
Recipient shall, upon request, show proof of such nondiscrimination and shall post in
conspicuous places, available to all employees and applicants, notices of
nondiscrimination.

D.7. Records. All documents relating in any manner whatsoever to the grant project, or any
designated portion thereof, which are in the possession of Recipient, or any subcontractor
of Recipient shall be made available to the Metropolitan Government for inspection and
copying upon written request by the Metropolitan Government. Furthermore, said
documents shall be made available, upon request by the Metropolitan Government, to any
state, federal or other regulatory authority and any such authority may review, inspect,
and copy such records. Said records include, but are not limited to, all drawings, plans,
specifications, submittals, correspondence, minutes, memoranda, tape recordings, videos
or other writings or things which document the grant project, its design, and its
construction. Said records expressly include those documents reflecting the cost of
construction, including all subcontracts and payroll records of Recipient.

Recipient shall maintain documentation for ail funds provided under this grant contract.
The books, records, and documents of Recipient, insofar as they relate to fundsprovided
under this grant contract, shall be maintained for a period of three (3) full years from the
date of the final payment. The books, records, and documents of Recipient, insofar as
{NO281585,1} 5
ARCHIVE


they relate to funds provided under this grant contract, shall be subject to audit at any
reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by Metro or its duly appointed
representatives. Records shall be maintained in accordance with the standards outlined
in the Metro Grants Manual. The financial statements shall be prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles.

D.8. Monitoring. The Recipient's activities conducted, and records maintained pursuant to
this Grant Contract shall be subject to monitoring and evaluation by Metro or Metro’s
duly appointed representatives during the term of the contract and throughout the
affordability period. The Recipient shall make all audit, accounting, or financial records,
notes, and other documents pertinent to this grant available for review by the
Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability, Internal Audit or Metro’s representatives,
upon request, during normal working hours.

D.9. Reporting. Recipient will be required to provide annual progress reports no later than
July 15 of each year. The progress report should summarize activity that occurred during
the previous fiscal year (July 1 — June 30). Said report shall be in a form provided by
Metro. In addition, Recipient shall submit a Close-out Expenditure and Narrative Report
as provided in section C.4 above detailing the outcome of the activities funded under
this Grant Contract.

D.10. Strict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist in any one or more cases upon the strict
performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement
shall not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of any such term, covenant,
condition, or provision. No term or condition of this Grant Contract shall be held to be
waived, modified, or deleted except by a written amendment by the appropriate parties
as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.

D.11. Insurance. The Recipient shall maintain adequate public liability and other appropriate
forms of insurance, including other appropriate forms of insurance on the Recipient's
employees, and to pay all applicable taxes incident to this Grant Contract.

D.12. Metro Liability. Metro shall have no liability except as specifically provided in this Grant
Contract.

D.13. Independent Contractor. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to
create a partnership or joint venture between the Recipient and Metro or to create the
relationship of principal and agent between or among the Recipient and Metro. The
Recipient shall not hold itself out in a manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph.
Metro shall not become liable for any representation, act, or omission of any other party
contrary to the terms of this paragraph.

D.14. Indemnification and Hold Harmless.

a. Recipient shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Metro, its officers, agents and
employees from any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees for
injuries or damages arising, in part or in whole, from the negligent or intentional
acts or omissions of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its
sub or independent contractors, in connection with the performance of the contract,
any claims, damages, penalties, costs, and attorney fees arising from any failure of
Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or independent
contractors, to observe applicable laws, including, but not limited to, labor laws and
minimum wage laws.

(NO281585.1) 6
ARCHIVE


b. Metro will not indemnify, defend, or hold harmless in any fashion the Recipient from
any claims, regardless of any language in any attachment or other document that
the Recipient may provide.

c. Recipient shall pay Metro any expenses incurred as a result of Recipient’s failure to
fulfill any obligation in a professional and timely manner under this Contract.

d. Grantee’s duties under this section shall survive the termination or expiration of the
grant.

D.15. Force Majeure. The obligations of the parties to this Grant Contract are subject to
prevention by causes beyond the parties’ control that could not be avoided by the
exercise of due care including, but not limited to, acts of God, riots, wars, strikes,
epidemics, or any other similar cause.

D.16. State, Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with all applicable
federal, state, and local laws and regulations in the performance of this Grant Contract.

D.17. Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction, and effect of this Grant
Contract and any and all extensions and/or modifications thereof shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The venue
for legal action concerning this Grant Contract shall be in the courts of Davidson
County, Tennessee.

D.18. Attorney Fees. Recipient agrees that, in the event either party deems it necessary to
take legal action to enforce any provision of the Grant Contract, and in the event Metro
prevails, Recipient shall pay all expenses of such action including Metro’s attorney fees
and costs at all stages of the litigation.

D.19. Completeness. This Grant Contract is complete and contains the entire understanding
between the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein, including all the
terms and conditions of the parties’ agreement. This Grant Contract supersedes any and
all prior understandings, representations, negotiations, and agreements between the
parties relating hereto, whether written or oral.

D.20. Headings. Section headings are for reference purposes only and shall not be construed
as part of this Grant Contract.

D.21. Licensure. The Recipient and its employees and all sub-grantees shall be licensed
pursuant to all applicable federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, rules, and
regulations and shall upon request provide proof of all licenses. Recipient will obtain all
permits, licenses, and permissions necessary for the grant project.

D.22. Waiver. No waiver of any provision of this contract shall affect the right of any party
thereafter to enforce such provision or to exercise any right or remedy available to it in
the event of any other default.

{NO281585.1} Ej


D.23. Inspection. The Grantee agrees to permit inspection of the project and/or services
provided for herein, without any charge, by members of the Grantor and its
representatives.

D.24. Assignment—Consent Required. The provisions of this contract shall inure to the benefit
of and shall be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties
hereto. Except for the rights of money due to Recipient under this contract, neither this
contract nor any of the rights and obligations of Recipient hereunder shall be assigned or
transferred in whole or in part without the prior written consent of Metro. Any such
assignment or transfer shall not release Recipient from its obligations hereunder. Notice
of assignment of any rights to money due to Recipient under this Contract must be sent
to the attention of the Metro Department of Finance.

D.25. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to
offer, give or agree to give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or
former employee to solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a
gratuity or an offer of employment in connection with any decision, approval,
disapproval, recommendation, preparations of any part of a program requirement or a
purchase request, influencing the content of any specification or procurement standard,
rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any other advisory capacity in any
proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or controversy in any
proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or controversy or other
particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or subcontract or
to any solicitation or proposal therefore. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any
payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor
under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or a person
associated therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach
of the provisions of this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of
ethical standards which may result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or
suspension from participation in Metropolitan Government contracts.

D.26. Communications and Contacts. All instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other
communications from the Recipient required or contemplated by this Grant Contract
shall be in writing and shall be made by facsimile transmission, email, or by first class
mail, addressed to the respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or address
as set forth below or to such other party, facsimile number, or address as may be
hereafter specified by written notice.

Metro:
Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission / Barnes Housing Trust Fund
Planning Department — Housing Division
PO Box 196300
Nashville, TN 37219
BarnesFund@nashville.gov
(NO281585,1} 8
ARCHIVE


Recipient:

Living Development Concepts, Inc.

Henry Miller

3250 Dickerson Pike, Suite 212

Nashville, TN 37207

615-578-6590

hmiller@Idc-nashville.com

D.27. Lobbying. The Recipient certifies, to the best of its knowledge and belief, that:

a. No federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid, by or on behalf of
the Recipient, to any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or
employee of any agency, a Member of Congress in connection with the awarding
of any federal contract, the making of any federal grant, the making of any
federal loan, and entering into of any cooperative agreement, and the extension,
continuation, renewal, amendment, or modification of any federal contract, grant,
loan, or cooperative agreement.

b. If any funds other than federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid
to any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of
any agency, a Member of Congress, an officer or employee of Congress, or an
employee of a Member of Congress in connection with this grant, loan, or
cooperative agreement, the Recipient shall complete and submit Standard Form-
LLL, “Disclosure Form to Report Lobbying,” in accordance with its instructions.

c. The Recipient shall require that the language of this certification be included in
the award documents for all sub-awards at all tiers (including sub-grants,
subcontracts, and contracts under grants, loans, and cooperative agreements)
and that all subcontractors of federally appropriated funds shall certify and
disclose accordingly.

D.28. Effective Date. This contract shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed
first by the Recipient and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan
Government and has been filed in the office of the Metropolitan Clerk. When it has been
so signed and filed, this contract shall be effective as of the date first written above.

{INO281585.1} 9
ARCHIVE


(THIS PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK)
(0N0281585,1} 10
ARCHIVE


THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF RECIPIENT: He ia Y At )) /, My ir
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY:
APPROVED AS TO PR SCOPE Living Development Concepts, Inc.
Pager Westernoim, Chair Tite: Avie pes Dereon
tropolitan Trust Fund Commission aa _
Sworn to and subscribed to berere mea
‘APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF Notary Public, this 14 day of Augel,
FUNDS: 2024. aititin,
| metas,
“Kevin Crumbo, Director ~—_—_‘[Notary Public seal] 2 of ome % %
Department of Finance = of sewSiee bt
. 2 nome oF ot
: So Puauc i =
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY: e Sapena S
on INER COW oe
: ; Frregsi®
‘Assistant Metropolitan Attomey
APPROVED AS TO RISK AND a
INSURANCE: oe
a
oe Nay ble 0
Director of Risk Management Services oS ae -
APPROVED BY METROPOLITAN My Gerfimission expires _| 2.- | @~ 20257
‘GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND :
a COUNTY:
. raaulect dia “yell Ca ~~ —
Metropolitan County Mayor ;
pate EP: 19 204
i 9 VA ri
ATTEST this the, 2" of Seetem taf af
ev: 7s VA
Metropolitan Clerk ‘
(NOZBISRS.1) iB}


ARCHIVE


ATTACHMENT A
A
é> :
Barnes Housing Trust Fund Scope of Work
Funding Round Number: 13
Organization Name: Living Development Concepts, Inc.
Project Location: 0 Dabbs Ave, 37217 (D13), 8 Cannon St, 37210 (D17), 0 Ezell Rd, 3721 1
(D28)
Project Type: Homeownership
Grant Award: $375,000
Metro Property Award: N/A Total Number of Units: 3
Total Number of Barnes Fund Units by Income Target:
= 30% AMi 31-60% AMI 61-80% AMI
a
Project Summary:
LDC is constructing three (3) new single family detached affordable homes. They are as follows:
* One (1) house in the Belair neighborhood (0 Dabbs Ave.)
* One (1) in the Napier Area neighborhood (8 Cannon St.)
* One (1) home in the Luna Heights neighborhood (0 Ezell Rd.)
The target market for these projects is low-to moderate-income families, at or below 80% of the
area median income (AMI), seeking home ownership in Nashville.


ARCHIVE


ATTACHMENT B
hx
:
Barnes Housing Trust Fund Grant Budget
OUR BUDGET FOR THE PROPOSED NEW PROJECTS
Our grant budget for these three projects and values for Living Development Concepts, for
which we are seeking a grant, is listed below:
Grant Amt. Requested From Barnes Fund $ 375,000.00
Loan Amount Approved-the Housing Fund $ 450,000.00
Total Cost to Build $ 825,000.00 *

*Each house cost $275,000 to build x 3 = $825,000.00 (Total Cost)

Property Address #of Homes Tax Lots Appraised Value

1. “0” Dabbs Ave. 1 $ 33,800

2. “8” Cannon St. 1 $ 91,200

3. “0” Ezell Rd. “i $_ 38,700

Total 3 $163,700
3 houses x $370,000 (Appraised Value upon Completion) = $1,110,000.00
*Refer to the Proforma for more detail on each property in the application


ARCHIVE


ATTACHMENT C
i a.»
4
\) >
Barnes Housing Trust Fund Draw Schedule
The following percentages are based on the Barnes Fund grant award.
Draw %of Grant Milestone
#
1 12.5% Upon receipt of the building permit, proof of builder's risk insurance
with Metro Nashville listed as a lien holder.
2 25% Footing, framing, and foundation complete.
3 25% Plumbing, electrical, and mechanical roughed-in, inspected, and
passed by Metro Codes; roofing complete.
4 25% Doors, cabinets, counter tops, drywall, trim installed.
5 12.5% Receipt of Final Use & Occupancy letter from Metro Codes.
Note: Draw requests 2-4 must be inspected by a third-party inspector contracted with Metro
prior to the release of funds. All draw requests require documentation and are paid on a
reimbursable basis.


ATTACHMENT D
.6/
mM e)
Required Documents
The following are required items pursuant to Metropolitan Code 5.04.070:

1. Accopy of the nonprofit's corporate charter or other articles, constitution, bylaws, or
instruments of organization;

2. Acopy of a letter from the Internal Revenue Service evidencing the fact that the
organization is a nonprofit, tax-exempt organization under the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended;

3. A statement of the nature and extent of the organization's program that serves the
residents of the metropolitan government;

4. The proposed use of the funds to be provided by the metropolitan government (See
Attachment A);

5. The proposed budget of the organization, indicating all sources of funds and a line-
item identification of the proposed expenditure of metropolitan government funds (See
Attachment B);

6. Acopy of the nonprofit’s annual audit or other required financial documentation
described in Metro Code subsection 5.04.070(E).


CHARTER
OF
pe LIVING DEVELOPMENT CONCEPTS, INC.
The undersigned acting as incorporator(s) of a nonprofit corporation under the Tennessee Nonprofit Corporation Act
adopts the following Articles of Incorporation:

1. The name of the corporation is Living Development Concepts, Inc. , .

2. This corporation is a public benefit corporation. This corporation is not a religious corporation. This
corporation will not have members. This is a nonstock corporation.

: ia The number of directors of the corporation shall be no less than 3, which

i may be increased pursuant to the by-laws of the corporation.

b. LDC will maintain at least one-third of its governing board’s membership for residents of low-
income neighborhoods, other low-income community residents, or elected representatives of
low-income neighborhood organizations,

c. If chartered by a State or local government, (1) the State or local government may not appoint
more that one-third of the membership of the organization’s governing body; (2) the board
members appointed by the State or local government may not, in turn, appoint the remaining
two-thirds of the board members; and (3) no more than one-third of the governing board
members are public officials [including employees of the Participating Jurisdiction or State
recipients].

3. The complete name of address of the corporation’s initial registered agent in Tennessee is Henry O. Miller,
2404 Ramblewood Drive, Murfreesboro, TN 37129, Rutherford County.

4. The name and complete address of the incorporator is Living Development Concepts, Inc., 3250 Dickerson
Pike, Suite 212, Nashville, TN 37207.

5. The complete address of the corporation’s principal office is 3250 Dickerson Pike, Suite 212, Nashville, TN
37207, Davidson County.

6. The corporation is not for profit.

7. The corporation is organized for the purpose of engaging in any lawful business which shall include, but not

: be limited to the following:
a, To provide education and training for under privileged people, which will help them to become
— skilled professionals, as well as to build and/or rehab homes, that are affordable to low-moderate
income (80% or below AMI) persons.

b. To receive funding from various sources to operate this non-profit corporation. ’

8. In furthermore and not in limitation of the general powers conferred by the laws of the State of Tennessee
and of the objects herein set forth it is expressly provided that this corporation shall also have as far as are
lawful, the following powers:

a. To enter into, make, perform or carry out contracts of every kind with any firm, person,
corporation or association necessary for the accomplishment of the objects and purposes herein
set forth to do any acts necessary for carrying on any or all of the objects and purposes of the
corporation not forbidden by law, or by this Charter, or by its by-laws, or the by-laws of the State
of Tennessee.

b. _No part of the net earning of the corporation shall inure to the benefit of, or be distributed to its
members, trustees, directors, officers or other private persons, except that the corporation shall be
authorized and empowered to pay reasonable compensation for services rendered and to make
payments and distributions in furtherance of Section 501 (c) (3).

c. To have offices and promote and carry on its objects and purposes, within and without Tennessee
and in the states, territories or colonies of the United States and in foreign countries.

: d. To have all powers that may be conferred upon for non-profit corporations under the laws of the
State of Tennessee as the laws are now in effect or may at any time hereafter be amended. No
director may be sued by the corporation or its shareholders for breach of his or her fiduciary duty
to the corporation, provided, however, that this provision shall not absolve a director from a
breach of his or her duty of loyalty, for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involves
intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, or for distributions in violation of Section
48-18-304.

9. Upon dissolution of this corporation assets shall be distributed for one or more exempt purposes within the
meaning of Section 501 (c) (3) of the Internal Revenue Code, i.e. charitable, educational, religious, or
scientific, or corresponding section of any future federal tax code, to relieve any and all indebtedness and as
applicable, shall be distributed to the Federal Government, or to state or local government for a public
purpose. :

7 Qousust (5, 2009 Len Ad ler
Sign: Date ' corporator’s Sighatu ile
=) i
Incorporator’s Name or printed)


ARCHIVE


By Laws
Of
Living Development
Concepts, Inc.
| ARCHIVE


ARTICLE I
Living Development Concepts, Inc.

The name of the Corporation is Living Development Concepts. Inc. It is intended that

the Corporation shall have the status of Corporation which is exempt from federal income

taxation under Section 501 (a) of the Internal Revenue Code of ]986. as amended. or any

corresponding provisions of any future federal tax laws not for profit. as an organization

described in Section 501 (c) (3) of the Code.

ARTICLE Uv
OFFICES
' Section 2.1 Corporate Office. The principal office of the Corporation shall be

: located at 3250 Dickerson Pike. Suite 212, Nashville. Tennessee. 37207. In addition to

its registered and principal offices the corporation may have other offices and/or facilities

at such other places as the Board of Trustees may trom time to time determine and as the

business of the Corporation may require. The address of the principal office may be

changed by the Board of Trustees by amendment to the Corporation's Charter.

Section 2.2 Registered Office. The registered office of the Corporation required to

be maintained in the State of Tennessee Nonprotit Corporation Act. as amended from

time to time may, but need not. be identical with the principal office in the State of

Tennessee: and the address of the registered office may be changed from time to time by

Board of Trustees.

eis


ARTICLE I
PURPOSE AND USE OF FUNDS
Section 3.1 Purposes. ‘The purpose of the Corporation is to provide training and
education to young men and women in the construction industry as well as assist with
finding employment. The Corporation is to build homes including affordable homes for
low income families. The Corporation is organized exclusively for religious, charitable,
scientific, literary, and educational purposes within the meaning of Section 501 (¢)(3) of
the Code. including the receipt and acceptance of property, whether real, personal, or
mixed, by gifi or bequest from any person or entity; the retention, administration and
investment of such property in accordance with the terms of the Corporation’s Charter
and these By-Laws; and the distribution of such property for the Charitable Purposes as
herein delineated and/or (a) one or more organizations described in Section 501 (c)(3)-of
the Code and either Section 509 (a) (1) or Section 509 (a)(2) of the Code, Contributions
to which are deductible under Section 170 (c)(2) , Section 2055(a) and Section 2522 (a)
of the Code, or (b) A State, a possession of the United States. or any political subdivision
of any of the forgoing, or the United States or the District of Columbia, contribution to
which are deductible under Section 170 (c)(1), Section 2055 (a) and Section 2522 (a) gift
or bequest of property be received or accepted in such a manner as to require the
disposition of its income or principal to any person, governmental unit or organization,
other than a Qualified Beneficiary or for other than Charitable Purposes.
Section 3.2 Use of Funds. in making distribution to effectuate the religious,
charitable, scientific, literacy and educational purposes of the Corporation, as delineated
in Section 3.1 above, the Board of Trustees shall have the authority to make distributions
if both income and principal in such promotions and amounts as the Board of Trustees, in
its discretion, determines advisable, provided that all such distributions are consistent
with all applicable federal tax laws and regulations as herein provide. The Corporation is
not formed for financial or pecuniary gain; and no part of the assets, income, nonprofits
of the Corporation shail be distributable to, or inure to; the benefit of its trustees or
officers or any other private person, except as provided in Section 5.11, Section 6.10 and
Article XI as reimbursement for expenses or reasonable compensation for services
rendered to the Corporation, as set forth in the Charter and Section 3.1 above. No
substantial part of the activities of the Corporation shail be the carrying on of the
propaganda, or be the participation in, or intervention in (including the publishing or
distribution of statement), any political campaign on behalf of (or in opposition to) any
candidate for public office.
De
ARCHIVE


By Laws
of
Living Development Concepts, Inc.
Section 3.3 Administration of Funds. in the event the Corporation is a private
foundation within the meaning of Section 509 of the Code for a taxable year, the
Corporation (a) tax on undistributed its income for each tax year in such manner so that it
will not become subject to the tax on undistributed income for each tax year, in such a
manner so that it will not become subject to the self-dealing, as defined in Section 4941
(d) of the Code (c) shall not retain any excess business holdings, as defined in Section
4943 (c) of the Code; (d) shall not make any investments in a manner expenditures, as
defined in Section 4945 (d) of the Code. In order to fully effectuate the provisions of
these Sections the Corporation shal! adopt such procedures, and shall otherwise adhere 10
such administrative requirements as may from time to time be necessary, in order to fully
comply with all applicable federal tax laws and regulations.
- Section 3.4 Termination of Corporation. The Board of Trustees shall have the
authority to terminate the Corporation at any time that, by a unanimous vote. it deems
~ such termination appropriate or advisable. In such event, after paying, or making
provision for the payment of all liabilities of the Corporation exclusively for Charitable
Purposes, any assets not so distributed shall be distributed to one or more Qualified
Beneficiaries, as the Board of Trustees shall determine. Any assets not so disposed of by
the Board of Trustees shall be disposed of by the court having equity jurisdiction in the
county in which the principal; office of the Corporation is then located, with the
distribution of assets to be made for such Charitable Purposes, or to such Qualified
Beneficiaries, as such court shall determine.
ARTICLE IV
MEMBERS
Section 4.1 Non-Members. The Corporation shall have members with no voting
rights, no meeting requirements, and no compensations. Memberships are given to
donors who contribute between $4500.00 and more to the organization. Recognition of
membership will be distributed in publication.
3.
ARCHIVE


By Laws
Of
Living Development Concepts, Inc.
ARTICLE V
BOARD OF TRUSTEES

Section 5.1 General Powers. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be
supervised by its Board of Trustees, which shal! exercise in the name of and behalf of the
Corporation all of the rights and privileged legally exercisable by the Corporation as a
corporate entity, except as many otherwise be provided by law, the Charter, or these By-
jaws. The Board of Trustees, as the governing body of the corporation, shall have the
authority to receive, administer, invest and distribute property on behalf of the
Corporation in accordance with the provisions set forth in these By-laws. May serve as
committee members and give advice or make recommendations.
Section 5.2 Number, Tenure and Qualifications. The number of the members
of the Board of Trustees shall be not less than three (3) not more than nine (9). However,

. the number of trustees may be increased or decreased from time to time by the Board of
Trustees by amendment of these By-laws, but no decrease shall have the effect of
shortening the term of an incumbent trustee or reducing the number of trustees below
three (3). The initial members of the Board of Trustees shall be appointed by the
Incorporate(s) for staggered terms of approximately one, two and three years, in order
properly to stagger the terms thereafter and permit expiration of terms immediately
following the annual meeting.
In the event additional members are added to the Board of Trustees, the initial terms of
office of such additional trustees shall be staggered in such a manner to assure that the _
terms of office of not more than one-half (1/2) of all of the trustees will expire in any one
year. The initial members of the Boards of Trustees shall be appointed by the
Incorporate(s) to serve until after the first annual meeting of the Board of Trustees and
until his or her successor shall have been elected and qualified. At its annual meeting, the
Board of Trustees shall elect individuals to serve on the Board of Trustees for a term that
does not exceed a period of five (5) years. Each trustee shali hold office until his or her
term shall have expired and his or her successor shall have been elected and qualified, or
until his or her earlier resignation, removal from office, or death. A retiring trustee may
succeed himself or herself. Trustees shall be natural persons who have attained the age of
toyenty-one (21) years, but need not be residents of the State of Tennessee,
Section 5.3 Advisor Members. The Board of Trustees may elect advisory
members from time to time, who may attend, without vote, all meetings of the Board of
Trustees. Advisory members shall serve at the pleasure of Board of Trustees and shall
advise and counsel the Board of Trustees on appropriate matters.

—~
ah
ARCHIVE


: By Laws
Of
Living Development Concepts, Inc.

Section 5.4 Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of the Board of Trustees shall be
held within or without the State of Tennessee on the last business day of the fifth (Sth)
month following the close of the Corporation’s fiscal year, or at such other time and date
prior thereto and following the close of the Corporation's fiscal year as shall be
determined by the Board of Trustees. The purpose of the annual meeting shall be to elect
trustees and officers and transact such other business as may properly be brought before
the meeting. If the election of trustees and officers shall not be held on the day herein
designated for any annual meeting of the Board of Jrustees, or at any adjournment
thereof, the Board of Trustees shal! cause the election to be held at a special meeting of
the Board of Trustees as soon thereafter as may be convenient.

Section 5.5 Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Trustees may be
called by the President, or at the request of any trustee. The President shall fix the time
and place, either within or without the State of Tennessee, of any special meeting.

' Section 5.6 Notices. Notice of any special meeting shall be given at least five (5)
business days prior thereto. The attendance of a trustee at a meeting shal] constitute a
waiver of notice of such meeting, except where a trustee attends a meeting for the express
purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business because the meeting was not
lawfully called or convened. The business to be transacted at, or the purpose of, any
special meeting of the Board of Trustees must be specified in the notice of such meeting
and no other business shail be transacted at that meeting.

Section 5.7 Quorum. A majority of the total number of Trustees in office shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the Board of |
Trustees.
Section 5.8 Participation in Meetings. Each Trustee other than an advisory
member shall be entitled to one (1) vote upon any matter properly submitted for a vote to
the Board of Trustees. The affirmative vote of a majority of the Trustees present at the
meeting at which a quorum is present shali be the act of the Board of Trustees, excepi as
may otherwise be specifically provided by law, by the Charter. or by these By-laws.
Members of the Board of Trustees absent from any meetings shall be permitted to vote at
such meeting by written proxies. The members of the Board of Tnistees or any
committee designated by the Board of Trustees, may participate in a meeting of the
Board of Trustees, or of such committee, by means of conference telephone or similar
communications equipment by means of which al! persons participating in the meeting
can hear one another; and participation in a meeting pursuant to this provision shall
constitute in person at such meeting. The Trustees shall be promptly furnished a copy of
the minutes of the meetings of the Board of Trustees.

-5-

ARCHIVE


By Laws
Of
Living Development Concepts, Inc.

Section 5.9 Actions Without A Meeting. Any action required or permitted to be
taken at a meeting by the Board of Trustees, or by any committee, as the case may be,
consent in writing to taking such action without a meeting. If all members entitled to
vote on the action shall consent in writing to taking such action without a meeting, the
affirmative vote of the number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such
action at a meeting shall be the act of the Board of Trustees. The action must be
evidenced by the one (1) or more counterparts signed by each member entitled to vote on
the action indicating each signing member's vote or abstention on the action taken. All
such written consents and actions shall be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the
Board of Trustees or committee.

A consent signed under the Section shall have the same force and effect as a meeting vote
of the Board of Trustees, or any committee thereof, and may be described as such in any
document.

- Section 5.10 Vacancies. Any vacancy occurring in the Board of Trustees including
vacancies created by the removal of trustees without cause or for cause may be filled by
the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining trustees im office, so long as the
requirements of Section 5.2 are satisfied. A Trustee elected to fill a vacancy shall serve
for the unexpired term of his or her predecessor in office, or if there is no predecessor
until the next election of Trustees. If a vacancy is not filled within ninety (90) days of the
event which resulted in there being fewer Trustees than required by the Charter of By-
laws, any Trustee may apply to a court having equity jurisdiction in the county in which
the Corporation has it’s principal office to have such court appoint a sufficient number of
Trustees so that the corporation will have the number of Trustees required by its Charter ,
or By-laws, whichever number is greater. Any trusteeship to be filled by reason of an
increase in the number of trustees may be filled by election by the Board of Trustees for a
terra of office continuing only until the next election of trustees.

Section 5.11 Compensation and Reimbursement of Expenses. Each trustee
shall be entitled to receive reasonable compensation, as may from time to time be set by
the Board of Trustees for services rendered to the Corporation. In addition, each trustee
may be paid his or her reasonable expenses incurred by the trustee directly related to the
affairs of the Corporation upon prior approval by the Board of Trustees and proper
substantiation of such expenses. No such payments shall preclude amy trustee from
serving the corporation in any capacity and receiving compensation therefore.

mig
ARCHIVE


By Laws
of
Living Development Concepts, Inc.
Section 5.12 Presumption of Assent. A trustee of the corporation who is present
at a meeting of the Board of Trustees at which action on any Corporation matter is taken
shall be presumed to have assented to the action taken, unless his or her dissent shall be
presumed to have assented to the action taken, unless his or dissent shall be entered in the
minutes of the meeting, or unless he or shall file his or her written dissent to such action
with the person acting as the secretary of the meeting before the adjournment thereof, or
forward such dissent by registered mail to the Secretary of the Corporation immediately
after the adjournment of the meeting. Such right to dissent shall not apply to a trustee
who voted in favor of such action.
Section 5.13 Resignation. A trustee may resign his or her membership at any time
by tendering his or her resignation in writing to the President or, in the case of the
resignation of the President, to the Secretary. A resignation shall become effective upon
the date specified in such notice or, if no date is specified, upon receipt of the resignation
by the Corporation at its principal place of business.
ARTICLE VI
OFFICERS ’
Section 6.1 Number. There shall be a resident and a Secretary of the Corporation,
each of whom shall be elected in accordance with the provisions of this Article. The
Board of Trustees may also elect one (1) or more Vice-Presidents, a Treasurer, and such ©
other assistant officers, as the Board of Trustees may from time to time deem necessary
of appropriate. Any two or more offices may be heid by the same person, except for the
office of President and Secretary.
Section 6.2 Election and Term of Office. The initial officers of the corporation
shall be elected bye the incorporator(s) for a term of office expiring immediately
following the first annual meeting of the Corporation. The Board of Trustees at its
annual meeting shall elect the officers of the Corporation annually. If the election of the
officers shall not be held at such meeting, such election shall be held, as soon thereafter
as may be convenient. Each officer shail hold office for a term of one (1) year expiring
immediately following the annual meeting at which he or she was elected and until his or
her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death,
resignation, or removal from office in the manner hereinafter provided. A retiring officer
may not succeed himself or herself in office, but may be eligible for election to another
office or to the Board of Trustees.
Pia ae
ARCHIVE


By Laws
Of
Living Development Concepts, Inc.

Section 6.3 President. The President shall be the principal executive officer of the
Corporation. He or she shall, when present, preside at all meetings of the Board of
Trustees and the Executive Committee, and shall in general perform all of the duties. and
have all of the authority, incident to the office of the chief executive officer of a
corporation, and such other duties as may from time be prescribed by the Bourd of
Trustees. The President may sign, with the Secretary or any other proper office thereunto
authorized by the Board of Trustees deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts, or other
instruments which the Board of Trustees has authorized to be executed, except in cases
where the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of
Trustees or these By-Laws to some other officer or agent of the Corporation or shall be
required by law to be otherwise signed or executed.

_ Section 6.4 Vice-President. In the absence of the President or in the event of his or
her death, inability, or refusal to act, the Vice President (or in the event there be more
than one Vice President, the Vice President in the order designated at the time of the
election) shall perform the duties of the President (pending election, if necessary, of a
successor pursuant to Section 6.8 below) and when so acting, shall have all the powers of,
and be subject to all the restrictions upon, the President. Any vice-President shall
perform such duties as may from time to time be assigned to him or her by the Board of
Trustees.

Section 6.5 Secretary. The Secretary will keep the minutes of the proceedings of
the Board of Trustees in one or more books provided for that purpose; see that all notices
are duly given in accordance with the provisions of these By-laws or as requires by the
law; be custodians of the corporate records and of the seal, if any, of the Corporation and
see that the seal is affixed to all documents, the execution of which address shall be
furnished to the Secretary by each Trustee; and in general perform all duties incident to
the office of Secretary and such other duties as may from time to time be assigned to him.
or her by the President of the Board of Trustees.

-8-
ARCHIVE


By Laws
Of
Living Development Concepts, Inc.
Section 6.6 Treasurer. The Treasurer shall have charge and custody of, and be
responsible for, al} funds and securities of all the Corporations; receive and give receipts
for monies due and payable to the Corporation from any source whatsoever, and deposit
all such monies in the name of the Corporation in such banks, trust companies, or other
depositories as shall be select in accordance with the provisions of Article VITI of these
By-laws; disburse the funds of the Corporation in accordance with the directives of the
Board of Trustees, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and render to the
Board of Trustees, and accounting for all the transactions of the Treasurer and of the
financial conditions of the Corporation; and in general perform ali duties incident to the
office of Treasurer and such other duties as may from time to time be assigned to him or
her by the President or other Board of Trustees.
Section 6.7 Removal. Any member of the Board of Trustees removed from office
_ pursuant to Section 513 shall be automatically removed as an officer, the Board of

Trustees may by a two-thirds (2/3) vote remove any officer when in its judgment, the best
interest of the Corporation will be served thereby. Chairperson serves 5 years a 2/3 vote
must carry for two consecutive meeting for the removal.
Section 6.8 Vacancies. A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation,
removal, disqualification, or otherwise, may be filled by the affirmative vote of a
majority of the Board of Trustees for the un-expired portion of the term.
Section 6.9 Resignations. An officer may resign bis or her office at any time by
tendering his or her resignation in writing to the President, or in the case of the
resignation of the President, to the Secretary. A resignation shalj become effective upon
the date specified in such written notice, or if no date is specified, upon receipt of the
resignation by the Corporation at its principal place of business.
Section 6.10 Salaries and Expenses. The officers of the Corporation shall be
entitled to reasonable compensation, as may be set by the Board of Trustees from time to
time for services rendered to the Corporation. Reasonable expenses incurred by all of the
officers of the Board of Trustees in the course of coordination shall be reimbursed by the
Corporation upon proper substantiation. No officer shall be prevented from receiving
reasonable compensation by reason of the fact that he also is a member of the Board of
Trustees.

-9-

ARCHIVE


By Laws
Of
Living Development Concepts, Inc.
ARTICLE Vil
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE AND OTHER COMMITTEES

Section 7.1 Appointment of Executive Committee. The Board of Trustees by

resolution adopted by a majority of its voting members, may designate three (3) or more

of its members to constitute an executive Committee and shall hold office until the next

annual meeting of the Board of Trustees following his or her designation and until his or

her successor has been appointed and qualified. The designation of the Executive

Committee and the delegation of authority thereto shall not operate to relieve the Board

of Trustees, or atly member thereto, of any responsibility by law.

Section 7.2 Authority of Executive Committee. The Executive Committee,

when the Board of Trustees is not in session, shall have and may exercise al] the authority

of the Board of Trustees except to the extent, if any that such authority shall be limited by

‘ the resolution appointing to the Executive Committee or by these By-laws. All action

? taken by the Executive Committee shall be subject to ratification by the Board of

Trustees. However. the Executive Committee shal] not have the authority of the Board of

Trustees with respect to filling any vacancy on the Board of Trustees; amending or

repealing any resolution of the Board of Trustees which by it express terms is not so

amendable or repealable; amending or repealing the Charter or the By-laws of the

corporation; adopting a plan of merger or consolidation, selling, leasing, or otherwise

disposing of all or substantially all the property and assets of the corporation other than in

the usual and regular course of its business; or voluntarily dissolving the Corporation or

revoking a voluntary dissolution.

Section 7.3 Meeting of Executive Committee. Regular meeting of the

Executive Committee may be held at such times and places as the Executive Commitice

may from time to time fix by resolution. Special meetings of the Executive Committee

may be called by any member upon concurrence of a majority of the members of the

Executive Committee upon not Jess than three (3) business days’ notice prior thereto.

The notices provided for in this Section shall state the place, date, and hour of the

meeting, and the business proposed to be transacted at the meeting.

Section 7.4 Quorum of Executive Committee. A majority of the voting

members of the Executive Committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of

business at any meeting thereof. Action of the Executive Committee must be authorized

by the affirmative vote of a majority of all voting members present at a meeting at which

a quorum is present.

-10-
ARCHIVE


By Laws
Of
Living Development Concepts, Inc.
Section 7.5 Action of Executive Committee. Without a meeting. Any action
required or permitted to be taken by the Executive Committee without a meeting may be
taken without a meeting in accordance with the revisions of Section 5.9 of these By-laws.
Section 7.6 Executive Committee Procedures. The Executive Committee shall
fix its own rules of procedure, provided such rules are not inconsistent with these By-
; laws. The Executive Committee shall keep regular minutes of its proceedings and report
its proceedings to the Board of Trustees for its information at the next meeting of the
Board of Trustees held after such proceedings.
Section .7.7 Vacancies, Resignations and Removal. Any vacancy in the
Executive Committee may be filled by a resolution adopted by a majority of the voting
members of the Board of Trustees. Any member of the Executive Committee may be
removed at any time with or without cause by resolution adopted by a majority of the
voting members of the Board of Trustees. Any member of the Executive Conunittee may
- resign from the Executive Committee at any time by giving written notice to the
President or Secretary of the Corporation, and unless otherwise specified therem, the
acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.
Section 7.8 Standing Committees. The Board of Trustees may maintain sach
standing committees as it may determine from time to time'to be necessary of desirable
for its proper functioning. Such committees shall consist of three (3) or more members,
shall be under the contro] and serve at the pleasure of the Board of Trustees of these By-
laws shall maintain a permanent record of actions and proceedings and shall regularly
submit a report of their actions to the Boards of Trustees which shall ratify the actions of .
each committee. The President, or his or her designee, shall serve on each Committee as
an ex-officio member. Such standing committees shall have such authority as the Board
of Trustees may stipulate, except that no committee shall have the authority of the Board
of Trustees with respect to those matters delineated in Section 5.2 above.
Section 7.9 Ad Hec Committee, The President, with the approval of the Board of
Trustees as evidenced by resolution, may from time to time create such ad hoc
committees, as the President believes necessary or desirable to investigate matters or
advise the Board of Trustees. Ad Hoc Committees shal] limit their activities to the
accomplishment of the tasks for which created and shall have no power to act except as
specifically conferred by resolution of the Board of Trustees. Such committees shall
operate until their tasks have been accomplished or until discharged by the Board of
Trustees.
Ata
ARCHIVE


By Laws
Of
Living Development Concepts, Inc.
ARTICLE Vill
CONTRACTS, LOANS, CHECKS, DEPOSITS,
INVESTMENTS

Section 8.1 Contracts and Employment of Agents. The Board of Trustees

may authorize any trustee. officer or agent to enter into any contract, or execute and

deliver any instrument, in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation. The Board of

Trustees shali be specifically authorized, in its sole discretion, to employ ant to pay the

compensation of such agents, accountants, custodians, experts, consultants, and other

counsel, legal, investment, or otherwise, as the Board of Trustees shall deem advisable,

and to delegate discretionary powers to, and rely upon information furnished by such

individuals or entities. Such authority may be general or confined to specific instances.

Section 8.2 Loans. No loans shall be contracted on behalf of the Corporation, and no
- evidences if indebtedness shal! be issued in its names, unless authorized by a resolution

of the Board of Trustees. Such authority may be general or confined to specific

instances.

Section 8.3 Checks, Drafts, and Etc. Al! checks, drafts, or other orders for the

payment of money, notes, or other evidences or indebtedness issued in the name of the

Corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers, agent or agents of the Corporation

and in such manner, as shall from time to time be determined by resolution of the Board

of Trustees.

Section 8.4 Deposits. All funds of the Corporation or otherwise employed shall be

deposited from time to time to the credits of the Corporation with such banks, trust

companies, brokerage accounts, investment managers, or other depositaries as the Board

of Trustees may from time to time select.

Section 8.5 Investment Authority. The Board of Trustees shall be authorized to

Tetain assets distributed to the Corporation, even though such assets may constitute an

over concentration in one or more similar investments. Further, the Board of Trustees

shall have the authority to make investments in unproductive property, or to hold

unproductive property to the extent necessary until it can be converted into productive

property at an appropriate time, provided the retention of such property is in the best

interest of the corporation and does not in any way jeopardize the tax-exempt status of

the Corporation.

-12-


By Laws
of
Living Development Concepts, Inc.
ARTICLE 1X

STANDARDS OF CONDUCT
Section 9.1 Standards of Conduct. A trustee or an office of the Corporation shall
discharge his or her duties as a trustee or as an officer, including duties as a member of a
committee:

a) In good faith;

b) With the care of an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would exercise
under similar circumstances; and

c) In a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in the best interest of the
Corporation.

. Section 9.2 Reliance on Third Parties. In discharging his or her duties, a trustee
or officer is entitled to rely on information, opinions, reports, or statements, including
financial statements and other financial! data if prepared or presented by:

a) One or more officers or employees of the corporation whom the Trustee or officer
reasonably believes to be reliable and competent in the matters presented;

b) Legal counsel, public accountants and other persons as matters the trustees or
officer reasonably believes are within the persons professional or expert
competence; or

c) With respect to a trustee, a committee of the Board or Boards of which the trustee
is not a member, as top matters within its jurisdiction, if the trustee or officer
reasonably believes the committee merits confidence.

Section 9.3 Bad Faith. A trustee or officer is not acting in good faith if he or she has
knowledge concerning the matter in question that makes reliance otherwise permitted by
Section 9.2 unwarranted,

Section 9.4 No Liability. A trustee or officer is not liable for any action taken, or
any failure to take action, as a trustee or officer, if he or she performs the duties of his or
her office in compliance with the provisions of this Article. or if he or she is immune
from suit under the provisions of Section 48-58-601 of the Act. No repeal or
modification of the provisions of this Section 9.4, either directly or by the adoption of a
provision inconsistent with the provisions of this Section shall adversely affect any right
or protection, as set forth herein, existing in favor of a particular individual at the time
such repeal or mediation.

a


By Laws
of
Living Development Concepts, Inc.

Section 9.5 No Fiduciary. No trustee or officer shall be deemed to be a fiduciary
with respect to the Corporation or with respect to any property held or administrated by
the Corporation, including, without limitation, property that may be subject to restrictions
imposed by the donor or transferor of such property.

Section 9.6 Prohibition on Loans. No loans or guarantees shall be made by the
Corporation to its trustees or officers. Any trustees who assents to or participates in the
make of such lean shall be liable to the Corporation for the amount of such loan until the
repayment thereaf.

ARTICLE X
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST

Section 10.1 General. A conflict of interest transaction is a transaction with the '
corporation which a trustee or officer of the Corporation has a direct or indirect interest.
A trustee or officer of the Corporation has an indirect interest in a transaction if, but not
only if, a party to the transaction is another entity in which the trustee or officer has a
material interest, or of which the trustee or officer is a general partner, director, officer, or
trustee. A conflict of interest transaction is not voidable, or the basis for imposing .
liability on the trustee or officer, if the transaction was fair at the time it was entered into,
or if the transaction is approved as provided in Section 10.2.

Section 10.2 Manner of Approval. A transaction in which a trustee or officer of
the Corporation has a conflict of interest may be approved if:

a) The material facts of the transaction and the interest of the Trustee or Officer were
disclosed or known to the Board of Trustees or to committee consisting entirely of
members of the Board of Trustees, and the Board of Trustees or such committee
authorized, approved, or ratified the transaction; or

b) Approval is obtained from the Attomey General of the State of Tennessee, or
from a court of record having equity jurisdiction in an action in which the
Attorney General is joined as a party.

-14-


By Laws
of
Living Development Concepts, Inc.
Section 10.3 Quorum Requirements. For purposes of Section 10.2, a conflict of
interest transaction is authorized, approved or ratified if it receives the affirmative vote of
majority of the members of the Board of Trustees. or of a committee consisting entirely
of members of the Board of Trustees, who have no direct or indirect interest in the
transaction; but a transaction may not be authorized, approved, or ratified under this
Article by a single trustee. A quorum is present for the purpose of taking action under
this article if a majority of the members of the Board of Trustees who have no direct or
indirect interest in the transaction vote, authorized, approved, or ratify the transaction.
The presence of, or vote cast by, a trustee with a direct or indirect interest in the
transaction does not affect the validity of any action taken under subsection 10.2 (a) if the
transaction is otherwise approved as provided in Section 16.2.
ARTICLE Xi
INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCEMENT OF
EXPENSES “
Section 11.1 Mandatory Indemnification of Trustees and Officers, To the
maximum extent permitted by the provision of Section 48-58-501, et. seq., of the act, as
amended from time to time (provided, however, that if an amendment to the Act in any
way limits or restricts the indemnification rights permitted by law as of the date hereof,
such amendment shall apply only to the extent mandated by law and only to activities of
persons subject to the indemnification under this section which occur subsequent to the
effective date of such amendment), the Corporation shall indemnify and advance
expenses to amy person who is or was a trustee or officer of the Corporation, or to such
person’s heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives for the defense of any
threatened, pending, or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
administrative, or investigative, and whether formal or informal (any such action, suit or
proceeding being hereinafter referred to as the “Proceeding”), to which such person was,
is or is threatened to be made a named defendant or respondent which indemnification
and advancement of expenses shall include counsel fees actually incurred as a result of
the proceeding or any appeal thereof reasonable expenses actually incurred with respect
to the “Proceeding”, all fines, judgments, penalties and amounts paid in settlement
thereof, subject to the following conditions:
-15-
ARCHIVE


By Laws
Of
Living Development Concepts, Inc.
a) The proceeding was instituted by reason of the fact that such person is or
was a trustee of the Corporation; and
b) The trustee or officer conducted himself or herself in good faith, and he or

she reasonably believed (i) in the case of conduct in his or her official

capacity with the Corporation, that his or her conduct was in its best

interest; (ii) in all other cases, that his or her conduct was at least not

opposed to the best interests of the Corporation; and (iii) in the case of any

criminal proceeding, that he or she had no reasonable cause to believe his

or her conduct was unlawful. The termination of a proceeding by

judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere

or its equivalent is not, of itself, determinative that the trustee or officer

did not mect the standard of conduct herein described.
Section 11.2 Permissive Indemnification Of Employee and Agents. The Corporation
may, to the maximum extent permitted by the provisions of Section 48-58-501. Et seq. of
the Act as amended from time to time (provided however, that if an amendment to the act :
in any way limits or restrict the indemnification rights permitted by law as of the date
hereof, such amendment shal! apply only to the extent mandated by law and only to
activities of persons subject to indemnification under this Section which occur
subsequent to the effective date of such amendment), indemnify and advance expenses in
a Proceeding to any person who is or was an employee or agent of the Corporation, or to ,
such person, heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives, to the same extent
as set forth in Section 11.1 above, provided that the Proceeding was instituted by reason
of the fact that such person is or was an employee or agent of the Corporation to the
extent, consistent with public policy, as may be provided by the Charter, by these By-
laws, by contract, or by general or specific action of the Board of Trustees.

-36-
ARCHIVE


By Laws
Of
Living Development Concepts, Inc.

Section 11.3 Non-Exclusive Application. The rights to indemnification and

advancement of expenses set forth in Sections 11.1 and 11.2 above are contractual

between the Corporation and the person being indemnified, and his or her heirs,

executors, administrators and legal representatives, and are not exclusive of other similar

rights of indemnification or advancement of expenses to which such person may be

entitled, whether by contract, by law, by the Charter, by a resolution of the Board of

Trustees, by these By-Laws, by the purchase and maintenance by the Corporation of

insurance on behalf of a trustee. officer, employee, or agent of the Corporation, or by an

agreement with the Corporation providing such indemnification ali of which means of

indemnification and advancement of expenses are hereby specifically authorized.

Section 11.4 Non-Limiting Application. The provision of this Article XJ shall not limit

the power of the Corporation to pay or reimburse expenses incurred by a trustee, officer,

employee, or agent of the Corporation in connection with such person’s appearing as a
* witness in a Proceeding at a time when he or she has not been made a named defendant or

respondent to the Proceeding.

Section 11.5 Prohibited Indemnification. Not withstanding any other provision of this

Article XI. The Corporation shall not indemnify or advance expenses to or on behalf of

any trustee, officer, employee, or agent of the Corporation, or such person’s heir,

executors, administrators or legal representatives:

a) lf a judgment or other final adjudication adverse to such person establishes his or
her liability for ary breach of the duty of loyalty to the Corporation for act or
omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing
violation of law, or under Section 48-58-304 of the Act: or

b) In connection with a Proceeding by or in the right of the Corporation in which
such person was adjudged liable to the Corporation; or

c) In connection with any other Proceeding charging improper persona! benefit to
such person, whether or not involving action in his or her official capacity, in
which he or she was adjudged liable on the basis that personal benefit, was
improperly received by him ox her.

Fs
ARCHIVE


By Laws
Of
Living Development Concepts, Inc.

Section 11.6 Repeal or Modification Not Retroactive. No Repeal or modification of
the provisions of this Article XI, either directly or by the adoption of a provision
inconsistent with the provisions of this Article. shall adversely affect any right or
protection, as set forth herein, existing in favor or a particular individual at the time of
such repeal or modification.

ARTICLE Xt

NOTICES AND WAVIER OF NOTICE
The notices provided for in these By-Laws shall be communicated in person, telegraph,
teletype, or by mail (including e-mail) or private carrier. Written notice is effective at the
earliest of (a) receipt; (b) five (5) days after its deposit in the United States mail, if mailed
correctly addressed and with first class postage affixed hereon; (c) on the date shown on
the retum receipt. If sent by registered mail, return receipt requested, and the receipt
_ signed by or on behalf of the addressee; or (d) twenty (20) days afier its deposit in the

United States mail, if mail correctly, addressed, and with other than first class, registered,
or committee member of the Corporation under the Provisions of the Charter, these By-
laws, or the Act, a waiver thereof in writing signed by the person or persons entitled to
such notice whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to
the giving of such notice. ;

ARTICLE Xi

FISCAL YEAR
The fiscal year of the Corporation shall end on the last day of December, or on such other
dates as may be fixed from time to time by the Board of Trustees.

ARTICLE XIV

PROCESS FOR LOW-INCOME BENEFICIARIES
Low income beneficiaries, including committee members and most of our applicants will
be involved in the advisement regarding the design, location, development and
management of our affordable housing rental program. We will elect a committee for
each planned rental housing project. Each committee member will be educated and
informed of the Federal, State and Local government regulations to rehabilitating and/or
building housing. Consideration includes:
-18-


By Laws
of
Living Development Concepts, Inc.

a) The cost of the rehabilitation and/or property

b) The size of the rental housing property

c) The cost of the affordable housing

d) The possibility of vandalism and/or theft during the process, as well as security

and safety.

Development of projects is discussed during committee meetings.
All projects will be managed by CHDO Board Members, as well as the low income
committee members will be educated about:

¢ The process of obtaining project funding.

¢ Obtaining permits.

¢ Ordering materials.

e Contract management and project/job tracking.

oe Our organization will make every attempt to include all potential affordable housing
rental applicants from the beginning of the rehabilitation and/or construction phase to its
completion.
ARTICLE XV ;
AMENDMENTS
These By-laws and the Charter may be altered, amended, or repealed, and a new Charter
or By-laws adopted, upon the affirmative vote of two-thirds (2/3) of the Board of
Trustees at any annual or special meeting, except to the extent that such alteration,
amendment, or repeal is inconsistent with Article XV hereof.
2410°2


By Laws
of
Living Development Concepts, Inc.
ARTICLE XVI
EXEMPT STATUS
The Corporation has been organized and will be operated exclusively for exempt from
federal income tax under Section 501 (a) of the Internal Revenue code as an organization
described in Section 501 (c) (3).
These By-laws are adopted and shall be effective this __/ ate day of hugul
2009,
len ig le WIL,
Ma~ t } Zi

Incorporator \

220<

ARCHIVE


ARCHIVE


¥59) IRS Department of the Treasury
Internal Revenue Service
In reply refer to: 0248367576
CINCINNATI OH 45999-0038 June 06, 2016 LTR 4168C 0
62-1855943 000000 00
00023964
BODC: TE
LIVING DEVELOPMENT CONCEPTS INC
% HENRY MILLER
aes 3250 DICKERSON PIKE STE 212
aie NASHVILLE TN 37207
ee
22593
Employer ID Number: 62-1855943
Form 990 required: YES
Dear Taxpayer:
This is in response to your request dated May 25, 2016, regarding
your tax-exempt status.
We issued you a determination letter in May 2002, recognizing
you as tax-exempt under Internal Revenue Code CIRC) Section 501(c)
¢3).
Our records also indicate you're not a private foundation as defined
under IRC Section 509(€a) because you're described in IRC Sections
509Cad C1) and 170Cbd C1) CA) Cvi).
Donors can deduct contributions they make to you as provided in IRC
Section 170. You're also qualified to receive tax deductible bequests,
legacies, devises, transfers, or gifts under IRC Sections 2055, 2106,
and 2522.
In the heading of this letter, we indicated whether you must file an
annual information return. If a return is required, you must file Form
990, 990-EZ, 990-N, or 990-PF by the 15th day of the fifth month after
the end of your annual accounting period. IRC Section 6033(j) provides
that, if you don't file a required annual information return or notice
for three consecutive years, your exempt status will be automatically
revoked on the filing due date of the third required return or- notice.
For tax forms, instructions, and publications, visit www.irs.gov or
call 1-800-TAX-FORM (1-800-829-3676).
° If you have questions, call 1-877-829-5500 between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m.,
local time, Monday through Friday (Alaska and Hawaii follow Pacific
Time).


0248367576
June 06, 2016 LTR 4168C 0
62-1855943 000000 00
00023965
LIVING DEVELOPMENT CONCEPTS INC
% HENRY MILLER
3250 DICKERSON PIKE STE 212
NASHVILLE TN 37207
Sincerely yours,
Doris Kenwright, Operation Mgr.
Accounts Management Operations 1


* https://livingdevelopmentconcepts.org/
s e
Living Development Concepts, Inc.
Building Affordable Housing and Creating Strong Neighborhoods
Living Development Concepts, Inc. (LDC) is a nonprofit organization dedicated to building
affordable housing, implementing green initiatives, and fostering strong communities in local
Middle Tennessee counties. We achieve our mission through various services, including new
home construction and homebuyer education, facilitated in collaboration with HUD-approved
housing counseling agencies.
LDC is committed to creating homeownership opportunities for low-to-moderate income families.
During the past 23 years, LDC has helped over 1,000 households purchase their first home, and
has developed and sold more than 500 single-family homes.
Before you build a house, you must set the foundation. Education along with preparation is
the key.
To Close the Gaps on Homeownership: We Can Assist You. Let’s Unlock the Key to
Homeownership!


ARCHIVE


LIVING DEVELOPMENT CONCEPTS, INC.
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
AND
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021


LIVING DEVELOPMENT CONCEPTS, INC.
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Table of Contents

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT---------------------------------------------------1-2
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION ----------------------------------------3

STATEMENT OF ACTIVITIES----------------------------------------------------4-5

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS-----------------------------------------------------6

SATEMENT OF FUNCTIONAL EXPENSES------------------------------------7-8

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ---------------------------------------9-13

ARCHIVE


WO
To the Board of Directors of
Living Development Concepts, Inc.
3250 Dickerson Pike, Suite 212
Nashville, TN 37207
We have audited the financial statements of Living Development Concepts, Inc., which comprise
the statement of financial position as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and the
related statements of activities, cash flows, and functional expenses for the years then ended, and
the related notes to the financial statements.
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of Living Development Concepts, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, and the changes in its net assets and its cash flows for the years then ended in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United
States of America (GAAS). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are
required to be independent of Living Development Concepts, Inc. and to meet our other ethical
responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audit. We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our audit opinion.
Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and for
the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and
fair presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are
conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about Living
SPD CPA Firm, 4121 Clarksville Pike, Nashville, TN 37218
Bus (615) 891-3012. Fax (615) 678-5454
“A Socially Responsible, Professionally Driven CPA Firm”
www.spdcpafirm.com
if


Development Concepts, Inc.’ ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date
that the financial statements are available to be issued.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute
assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS will
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
Misstatements are considered material if, individually on in the aggregate, they could reasonably
be expected to influence the economic decision of users made on the basis of these financial
statements.

In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, we:

e Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.

e Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether
due to fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risk.
Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements.

e Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of Living Development Concepts, Inc.’ internal control.
Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed.

e Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of
significant accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall
presentation of the financial statements.

e Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the
aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about Living Development Concepts, Inc.’ ability to
continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time.

We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other
matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal
controls related matters that we identified during the audit.
BPD CRA Iu
SPD CPA Firm
Nashville, TN
July 27, 2023
2
ARCHIVE


LIVING DEVELOPMENT CONCEPTS, INC.
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021
2021 -
2022 RESTATED
Assets
Current assets
Cash $ 636,448 $ 427,101
Investment Property 529,575 76,780
Total current assets 1,166,023 503,881
Fixed Assets
Property 178,770 178,770
Furniture and Equipment 8,850 8,100
Accumulated Depreciation (72,426) (65,490)
Total fixed assets 115,194 121,380
Total assets $ 1,281,217 $ 625,261
Liabilities and net assets
Current liabilities
Rental Security Deposits 1,660 $ 1,660
SBA loan - 8,300
Note Payable - 43,438
Total current liabilities 1,660 53,398
Net Assets
. Without Donor Restrictions 1,100,787 393,093
With Donor Restriction 178,770 178,770
Total net assets 1,279,557 571,863
Total liabilities and net assets $ 1,281,217 $ 625,261
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
3


LIVING DEVELOPMENT CONCEPTS, INC.
STATEMENT OF ACTIVITIES
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022
Without Donor With Donor Total Net
Restrictions Restrictions Assets
Gross tenant rent potential $ 20,120 $ - $ 20,120
Less: Vacancy - - -

Net tenant rent potential 20,120 20,120
Property Donation 521,500 - 521,500
Grant Revenue 73,085 - 73,085
Contributions 690,602 - 690,602
Other Income 886 - 886
Proceeds from Sale of Property 11,395 - 11,395
Total Operating Revenue 1,317,588 - 1,317,588
Expenses

Affordable Housing 572,240 - 572,240
General and Administrative 37,654 - 37,654
Total Expenses 609,894 - 609,894
Change in Net Assets 707,694 - 707,694
Net Assets, Beginning of Year 393,093 178,770 571,863
Net Assets, End of Year $ 1,100,787 $ 178,770 $ 1,279,557

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements
4


LIVING DEVELOPMENT CONCEPTS, INC.
STATEMENT OF ACTIVITIES
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 - RESTATED
Without Donor With Donor Total Net
Restrictions Restrictions Assets
Gross tenant rent potential $ 19,920 $ - $ 19,920
Less: Vacancy - - -
Net tenant rent potential 19,920 19,920
Grant Revenue 143,125 - 143,125
Contributions 318,085 - 318,085
Other Income 14,992 - 14,992
Total Operating Revenue 496,122 - 496,122
Expenses
Affordable Housing 287,232 - 287,232
General and Administrative 27,307 - 27,307
Total Expenses 314,539 - 314,539
Change in Net Assets 181,583 - 181,583
Net Assets, Beginning of Year 211,510 178,770 390,280
Net Assets, End of Year $ 393,093 $ 178,770 $ 571,863
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements
° ARCHIVE


LIVING DEVELOPMENT CONCEPTS, INC.
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021
2022 2021
Cash flows from operating activities
Increase in net assets 707,694 $ 181,583
Adjustments to reconcile change in net assets to
net cash provided by operating activities:
Depreciation 6,936 6,686
Prior period adjustment - 41,552
Decrease in accounts payable - (35,280)
Increase in accrued liabilities - 706
Net cash provided by operating activities 714,630 195,247
Cash flows from investing activities
Investment property (529,575) -
Sale of investment property 76,780 -
Purchase of automobile (750) -
Donation of fixed assets - (7,500)
Net cash provided by investing activities (453,545) (7,500)
Cash flows from financing activities
Draws on Housing Fund Note - 141,503
Payments on Housing Fund Note (43,438) (115,164)
Payments on SBA loan (8,300) -
Net cash provided by financing activities (51,738) 26,339
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 209,347 214,086
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 427,101 213,015
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year $ 636,448 $ 427,101
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
6
ARCHIVE


LIVING DEVELOPMENT CONCEPTS, INC.
STATEMENT OF FUNCTIONAL EXPENSES
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022
Affordable General and
Housing Administrative Total
Bank Service Charges $ - $ 146 $ 146
Advertising and Promotions - 284 284
Automobile Expense - 7,229 7,229
Charitable Contributions - 6,057 6,057
Computer and Internet Expenses 1,480 1,480
Contract Labor 309,710 - 309,710
Insurance Expense 4,125 1,689 5,814
Interest Expense 563 - 563
Miscellaneous Expense 3,147 - 3,147
Office Supplies - 2,604 2,604
Payroll Expenses 17,762 - 17,762
Printing and Reproduction 29 - 29
Professional Fees 190,336 ym 198,059
Rent Expense - 8,615 8,615
Repairs and Maintenance 125 - 125
Settlement Charges 14,664 - 14,664
Taxes - Property 7,903 - 7,903
Telephone Expense - 235 235
Utilities 627 - 627
Depreciation 6,936 = 6,936
Dues and Subscriptions - 851 851
Payroll Processing Fee - 741 741
Volunteer Reimbursements 15,563 - 15,563
Application Fee 750 - 750
Total Expenses $ 572,240 $ 37,654 $ 609,894
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements
7
ARCHIVE


LIVING DEVELOPMENT CONCEPTS, INC.
STATEMENT OF FUNCTIONAL EXPENSES
FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021
Affordable | General and
Housing Administrative Total
Bank Service Charges $ - $ 5,351 $ 5,351
Business Licenses and Permits - 221 221
Charitable Contributions - 2,236 2,236
Computer and Internet Expenses 2,479 2,479
Contract Labor - 256 256
Insurance Expense 2,611 2,024 4,635
Interest Expense 275 - 275
Miscellaneous Expense 18,385 - 18,385
Office Supplies - 220 220
Payroll Expenses 7,324 - 7,324
Printing and Reproduction 1,170 - 1,170
Professional Fees 219,344 4,664 224,008
Rent Expense . 8,257 8,257
Repairs and Maintenance 10,962 - 10,962
Settlement Charges 15,981 - 15,981
Small Tools and Equipment 615 - 615
Taxes - Property 3,759 - 3,759
Telephone Expense - 1,599 1,599
Utilities 120 - 120
Depreciation 6,686 - 6,686
Total Expenses $ 287,232 $ 27,307 $ 314,539
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements
8
ARCHIVE


LIVING DEVELOPMENT CONCEPTS, INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021

NOTE 1---NATURE OF THE ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Nature of the Organization .
Living Development Concepts, Inc. (“LDC”), is a Tennessee Not-For- Profit corporation.
LDC is a Community Housing Development Organization established to transform
communities by innovative partnership and initiatives that revitalizes neighborhoods by
creating affordable housing for eligible populations.
Programs
ABC's of Home Ownership Program- Education:
LDC develops housing solutions for qualified first-time buyers earning low-to-moderate
incomes. LDC provides free workshops and one-on-one sessions to help individuals
understand what is required and to navigate through the home buying process.
Affordable Housing Program:
LDC's mission is to promote home ownership through education and development. We build,
renovate, sell, and rent affordable housing for veterans, seniors, families and individuals that
are at or below eighty percent of the area medium income.
Basis of Presentation
The financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis of accounting and accordingly
revenue is recognized when earned, support and promises to give are recognized when received
and expenses are recorded when incurred.
The financial statements presentation follows the recommendations of the Financial Accounting
Standard Board’s Accounting Standard Codification (FASB ASC 958), Financial Statements of
Not-for-Profit Organizations. Under FASB ASC 958, LDC is required to report information
regarding its financial position and activities according to two classes of net assets: net assets
without donor restrictions and net assets with donor restrictions.
Financial position and activities are classified based on the existence or absence of donor
restrictions as follows:

Net Assets Without Donor Restrictions — Net assets that are not restricted by purpose or

time either temporarily or permanently by explicit donor stipulations or by law. Board

designation does not constitute a donor restriction.

Net Assets With Donor Restrictions — Net assets that are restricted by purpose or time

either temporarily or permanently by explicit donor stipulations or by law.
At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, The Organization had $178,770 in assets with donor
restrictions. See Note 4.

9


LIVING DEVELOPMENT CONCEPTS, INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021
Revenue, Support, and Expenses
LDC receives contributions from corporations and individual donors and recognizes revenue when
cash or a firm promise to give is obtained.
Contributions received are measured at their fair value and are reported as an increase in net assets.
LDC reports gifts of cash and other assets as restricted support if they are received with donor
stipulations that limit the use of the donated assets, or if they are designated as support for future
periods. Donor-restricted contributions whose restrictions are met in the same reporting period are
reported as unrestricted support.
Expenses are recorded when incurred in accordance with the accrual basis of accounting.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
In-Kind Donations
LDC follows the recommendations of the Financial Accounting Standard Board’s Accounting
Standard Codification (FASB ASC 958), Financial Statements of Not-for-profit Organizations
regarding contributions received and contributions made. These standards require recording the
value of donated goods or services that create or enhance non-financial assets require specialized
skills. Subject matter experts lend their time and talents at no charge to spare the organization the
cash outlay for such goods and services rendered. All in-kind donations are captured and reported
appropriately in the Organization’s financial records.
LDC records donated goods at fair value.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
For purposes of the statement of cash flows, LDC considers all highly liquid investments available
for current use with an initial maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.
Income Taxes
LDC is a tax-exempt entity under Section 501 (c) (3) of the Internal Revenue Code. Accordingly,
no provision for income tax is considered necessary.
Fixed Assets
Disbursements for property and equipment are capitalized and reflected in the statement of financial
position at cost. Expenditures for additions and major improvements are capitalized while those for
maintenance and repairs are charged to expenses as incurred. Depreciation, which is reflected as an
expense in the statement of activities, is computed on the straight-line method over the following
estimated useful lives:
10


LIVING DEVELOPMENT CONCEPTS, INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021
Years
Furniture and equipment 3—10
Buildings 20—39
NOTE 2—LIQUIDITY AND AVAILABILITY
As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, LDC has $636,448 and $427,101, respectively
of financial assets available within one year of the statement of financial position date to meet cash
needs for general expenditures.
NOTE 3—INVESTMENT PROPERTY
LDC periodically receives undeveloped property from the Metropolitan Government of Nashville
and Davidson County to develop and sell the property for affordable housing. LDC had the
following properties:
December 31, 2022:
1. Lot at 3210 Tolbert St $ 90,000
2. Lot at 0 Old Matthew Rd 50,475
3. Lot at 919 43% Ave N 47,500
4. Lot at 229 Center Ct 47,500
5. Lot at 2909 Booker St 57,500
6. Lot at 1604 Arthur Ave 236,600
TOTAL $ 529,575
December 31, 2021:
1. Lot at 3914 Southview Dr $76,780
The Southview Dr property was developed and sold in 2022.
NOTE 4—ASSETS WITH DONOR RESTRICTIONS
LDC entered into an agreement with the Metropolitan Development and Housing Agency
(MDHA) in accordance with the Neighborhood Stabilization Program 2 (NSP2):
1. 1611 21" Avenue North $ 100,000
2. 1102 Clay Street 78,770
Total $178,770
In consideration for the funds received, the following restrictions are placed on the property:
1. For the entire Affordability Period, the property shall be occupied only by households
whose incomes meet the requirements described below.
2. The property must be set aside for households that that qualify as middle-income
households, which select households must have annual incomes that do not exceed 50 to
1


LIVING DEVELOPMENT CONCEPTS, INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021
120 percent of the area median income, as determined by HUD and in accordance with the
NSP2 Requirements, as may be amended from time to time.

3. The foregoing income and rent restrictions (the Affordability Restrictions) shall begin at
Project Completion, which is defined as the date on which all necessary title transfer
requirements and construction work have been performed, and MDHA has entered the
project completion information into the disbursement and information system established
by HUD. The Affordability Restrictions shall continue for a period of 20 years beginning
on the date of Project Completion (the Affordability Period). The Property must remain
affordable for the entire Affordability Period.

4. The Affordability Restrictions may be released in writing by MDHA in its sole discretion,
prior to the end of the Affordability Period. A sale by foreclosure or transfer in lieu of
foreclosure under a deed of trust encumbering the Property that has priority shall terminate
the Affordability Period and the Affordability Restrictions, to the extent permitted by
HUD.

NOTE 5—NOTE PAYABLE

In December 2019, LDC received a loan commitment in the amount of $231,000 from the Housing

Fund for the development of two affordable housing units.

In July 2021, $114,217 was repaid to The Housing Fund with the sale of one of the affordable

housing units.

The remaining loan balance was $115,500 dated August 4, 2021 with a floating interest rate based

on the floating rate for the period of the loan. The maturity date of the loan was February 2, 2023.

The balance of the loan as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was zero and $43,438,

respectively.

In June 2020, LDC received an Economic Injury Disaster Loan (EIDL) from the Small Business

Administration in the amount of $8,300. The balance of the loan as December 31, 2022 and

December 31, 2021 was zero and $8,300, respectively.

NOTE 6—OFFICE RENT

LDC rents space in the building known as The Ellwood, located at 3250 Dickerson Pike on a

month-to-month basis. There is currently no operating lease agreement. The monthly rental

expense is $400 monthly. Additional monthly operational costs may vary but average around $281.

Total rental expense as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was $8,615 and $8,257,

respectively.

NOTE 7—CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK

Financial instruments that potentially subject LDC to concentrations of credit risk consist

principally of cash deposits. Accounts at each institution are insured by the Federal Deposit

Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) up to $250,000. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
12


LIVING DEVELOPMENT CONCEPTS, INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021
LDC had $386,448 and $177,101, respectively, in excess of the FDIC insured limit.
NOTE 8—PRIOR PERIOD ADJUSTMENT
The 2021 financial statements were restated to reflect the EIDL loan balance of $8,300.
NOTE 9--SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
There were no subsequent events requiring disclosure as of July 27, 2023 the date management
evaluated such events. July 27, 2023 is the date the financial statements were available to be
issued.
13


ARCHIVE
