A-W-Foe *
RECEIVEDe
ie:
yey j
CLASS VI - HOTEL/MOTEL/CORPORATE OPERATORS if an |
COMMERCIAL GROUND TRANSPORTATION PERMIT JUL ~1 2011 ilies
BOF ANS ae

THIS, PERMIT FOR COMMERCIAL GROUND TRANSPORTATION (the “Mifecn LP POG LES Me ie : |
into as of this {f+ day of , 20\\, by and between METROPOLITAN-NASHMILEE-ATRROR a BY a 4
AUTHORITY, a public corporatign cfated purguant to Tennessee Code Annotated Sections 42-4-101, et. seq., (the “HRP “al :
“Authority”), and i te » a company licensed to do business in the si q
State of Tennessee (the “Optrator”). Va ©

hy @
iS ay

WHEREAS, Authority is the owner and operator of the Nashville International Airport (the “Airport”) in 4 : A
Nashville, Tennessee; and * e

ge

WHEREAS, Operator desires to operate a commercial ground transportation business at the Airport; and i im

: es

WHEREAS, Authority has agreed to allow Operator to conduct its business at the Airport subject to the terms , ial 4
of this Agreement; ie

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and other good
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Authority and Operator
hereby agree as follows:

& :

1. Policy. This Agreement is subject in all respects to the terms and conditions of the Commercial ie E
Ground Transportation Policy of Authority as in effect on the date of this Agreement and as it is amended and modified (aM. ee
from time to time. For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Policy” shall mean such Commercial Ground oil : i . i i :
Transportation Policy of Authority and all amendments and modifications thereto from time to time. Operator hereby | a di q 4
acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Policy as in effect on the date of this Agreement. Capitalized terms not otherwise ' f i i ‘ae |
defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Policy. i" Ht hint i |

SU Smee)
ae

2. Permit. Subject to the terms of the Policy and this Agreement, Authority hereby grants a revocable, ° a f - zh
non-exclusive Permit to Operator for the following Commercial Ground Transportation Operator classification: bcd w

i a
CLASS VI - HOTEL/MOTEL/CORPORATE OPERATORS 4 :

(a) During the term of this Agreement, Operator shall have a non-exclusive, revocable license solely (i) to : £
operate Commercial Vehicles that transport patrons of hotels, motels and specified business organizations or *; 4 nl
enterprises to and/or from the Airport for the convenience of passengers utilizing the Airport and patrons and ; a
tenants of the Airport; (ii) to use common-use Airport roadways for ingress and egress, subject to the Policy and other. 4 4
Applicable Laws; (iii) to park Operator’s Commercial Vehicles in the non-exclusive Commercial Loading Zones ; ed
designated by Authority on the ground transportation level of the Terminal for twenty (20) minutes per trip to or 4
from the Airport for the purpose of loading patrons; and (iv) to unload patrons in the non-exclusive Commercial id
Loading Zones designated by Authority on the passenger departing level and ground transportation level of the ba
Terminal. :

(b) Operator’s Commercial Vehicles waiting to load or unload passengers must be positioned in the». |
Commercial Loading Zones designated by Authority for Commercial Vehicles of that type, and shall remain therein only {4 i
for the period herein provided. Operator shall not leave any Commercial Vehicle unattended while parked in any a bE.
Commercial Loading Zone at the Airport. Operator shall not load and/or unload on the passenger arriving level of i : =e
the Terminal except by the prior written consent of Authority. a He cs 4 a

eae a
ee ee

(c) Authority shall issue to Operator one Decal per Commercial Vehicle of Operator, as specified in if a Pe

. oe he abd
Operator’s approved application for this Agreement. The Decal shall be a visual indicator and control device installed by i wap i
Authority designating that such Commercial Vehicle is authorized by Authority to operate at the Airport. A Decal must * : \ 4 y
be permanently affixed to the right rear bumper of each Commercial Vehicle of Operator that operates at the Airport. * ; e
Each Decal shall be and remain the property of Authority, and removal of a Decal from the Commercial Vehicle to which
it was originally affixed or the transfer of a Decal to any other vehicle shall result in the immediate termination of this is a
Agreement without further notice, opportunity to cure or other process whatsoever. In the event that Operator ve :
discontinues using a Commercial Vehicle bearing a Decal belonging to the Airport, Operator shall present such Vehicle cH ia
th i


. ei
ar a
a
to Authority so that Authority may remove the Decal from such Commercial Vehicle. Until a Decal is removed froma 4 a
Commercial Vehicle of Operator, Operator shall continue to be responsible for fees payable with respect to such : — en
Commercial Vehicle under the terms and conditions of this Agreement. a
(d) Additionally, Authority shall issue to Operator one AVI Transponder Tag per Commercial Vehicle of @
Operator, as specified in Operator’s approved application for this Agreement. The AVI Transponder Tag shall be a a #
control device installed by Authority on each Commercial Vehicle of Operator for the purpose of recording Trip activity 6 a
of each Commercial Vehicle operated at the Airport. Each AVI Transponder Tag shall be and remain the property of : i
Authority, and removal of an AVI Transponder Tag from the Commercial Vehicle to which it was originally affixed or 5 if 4 i
the transfer of an AVI Transponder Tag to any other vehicle shall result in the immediate termination of this Agreement i R ia a i
without further notice, opportunity to cure or other process whatsoever. In the event that Operator discontinues using a ff i :
Commercial Vehicle bearing an AVI Transponder Tag belonging to the Airport, Operator shall present such Vehicle i te A H
Authority so that Authority may remove the AVI Transponder Tag from such Vehicle. Until an AVI Transponder Tag is a : i
removed from a Commercial Vehicle of Operator, Operator shall continue to be responsible for fees payable with respect a ; ee : F
to such Commercial Vehicle under the terms and conditions of this Agreement. I i cae |
ee Gg
(e) Operator shall immediately report to Authority all changes, additions or deletions in its fleet of i ifr
Commercial Vehicles, including vehicle length, width, seats, color, make, model, year, license tag number and vehicle 4 a
| identification number (VIN). q a t
| bail ie i.
3. Term. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and shall expire on June 30 of a : 4q ;
the following year; provided, however, that (i) the term of this Agreement shall be automatically renewed and extended 4 ae | : i
for an additional one year term commencing on July 1 of each year unless Authority or Operator shall provide a notice of i a)
non-renewal to the other no later than thirty (30) days prior to the then existing expiration date of the term hereof; (ii) = pS i
. either party may cancel this Agreement upon thirty (30) days prior notice to the other party at any time for any reason; 4 _
(iii) Authority may suspend this Agreement, or may bar the use by Operator of a particular Driver, agent or employee or : -
Commercial Vehicle, if Operator, such Driver, agent or employee or such Commercial Vehicle is found to have violated Pd
the Policy, any Applicable Laws (as defined herein) or this Agreement; and (iv) Authority may terminate this Agreement i
without forfeiture, waiver or release of Authority’s rights to any sum due or to become due under the provisions of this t
Agreement upon default by Operator in the payment of the fees required hereunder or violation by Operator of any of the ‘ %
other provisions of this Agreement and the failure of Operator to remedy such default or violation within ten (10) days i : 4
after notice from Authority to Operator of such default or violation, provided, however, that no such ten (10) day notice i af .
shall be required in those instances in which a provision of this Agreement grants to Authority the right to terminate this - 4 4
Agreement immediately upon Operator’s violation of or failure to comply with the terms hereof. ‘ i ae ¥ i
| i
4. Fees and Charges. Operator agrees to pay Authority all applicable fees and charges set forth: ib Hi. |. ; {
Appendix F of the Commercial Ground Transportation Policy of Authority incorporated herein by reference and made a ( af pee 8 i
part hereof; provided, however, that the fees and charges set forth in Appendix F of the Policy are subject to adjustment ania |
in accordance with amendments and modifications to the Policy from time to time. Any adjustment to the fees and " \. abe
charges due hereunder shall be effective not less than thirty (30) days after notice to Operator from Authority of such _ ee
adjustment to the fees and charges to be due hereunder together with a copy of the amendment to or modification of the . .
Policy pursuant to which such adjustment shall occur. } ; i
t 4
5. Obligations of Operator. Operator shall comply in all respects with the Policy and all Applicable i q a
Laws (as defined herein). For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Applicable Laws” shall mean all present and future : BH
laws, ordinances, orders, directives, rules, codes, regulations and decrees of federal, state and municipal authorities and a i st
agencies and their respective agencies, departments, authorities and commissions (individually, a “Governmental a =.
Authority” and collectively, the “Governmental Authorities”) and all present and future grant assurances provided by i
Authority to any Governmental Authority in connection with Authority’s ownership or operation of the Airport andall | og a
other rules, regulations, policies and procedures of Authority, as the same may be amended, modified or updated from * a
time to time. For purposes of this Agreement, “Governmental Authorities” shall specifically include, without limitation, e
Authority, The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, the State of Tennessee, the United States 4
Department of Transportation, the Federal Aviation Administration (the “FAA”) and the Transportation Security . #
Administration (the “TSA”). j ( 7
Bi a
6. Assignment; Sub-License. Operator shall not assign or sub-license or otherwise purport to authorize a EF FS : q
io
,
2 a UU
A a
nm |hCUF
See


se
3 a |
i 1 a ! i
or allow any other person or entity to exercise, the Permit or its rights granted in this Agreement without the prior write ql i a |
consent of Authority, which Authority may grant or withhold in its sole discretion. a - q id '
ae
7. Deposit. As security for Operator’s full, faithful and prompt performance of and compliance with all 9 a
covenants, terms and conditions of this Agreement, Operator hereby deposits with Authority the sum of ‘ a }
Zore Dollars ($_9 .00) (the “Deposit”). In addition to any and all other remedies available to it under this 4 a
Agreement or otherwise, Authority shall have the right, at its option at any time and from time to time, to use the Deposit 1 :
or any part thereof in whole or partial satisfaction of any of its claims or demands against Operator and for the payment of te
attorneys’ fees for the enforcement of any of its claims or demands against Operator. Authority shall have no obligation * | a
to exercise such right, and neither the existence of such right nor the holding of the Deposit itself shall cure any default or <A i:
| breach on the part of Operator. In the event that Authority shall at any time or times so use the Deposit or any part : q EZ
thereof, Operator shall, within two (2) days after demand by Authority, deposit with Authority additional cash so as to : ig
maintain the Deposit at all times at the full amount stated above and all such additional funds so deposited shall be subject = 2
to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Within thirty (30) days after the expiration or earlier termination of t
this Agreement and upon written request therefor by Operator, Authority will return the Deposit to Operator, less the 3, *
amount of any and all unpaid claims and damages of Authority hereunder. Operator hereby waives any right to any na H
interest which may or could be earned on the Deposit during the term of the Agreement. Authority shall have no jf a
obligation to segregate the Deposit from other funds of Authority. , aa i u
8. Documents Incorporated _by Reference. The following documents are incorporated in this . ji’ a a :
Agreement by reference and made a part hereof as if fully set forth in this Agreement: (i) the Policy, (ii) the application (agi) a if .
for this Agreement submitted by Operator, and (iii) all policies of insurance providing the insurance coverages required u ye q
under this Agreement (including, without limitation, those required under the Policy). j a i i om
ia ae |
9. Indemnification. | Operator shall protect, defend, indemnify and hold Authority and its a : digs : a 4
commissioners, officers, and employees harmless from and against any and all suits, losses, costs, claims, damages, 7 ba
demands, penalties, fines, settlements, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, attomeys’ fees, court costs | i fi
and litigation expenses) arising by reason of the injury to or death of any person or damage to any property of any nature 7M ea
whatsoever arising out of or incident to (i) this Agreement, (ii) Operator’s performance or exercise of the Permit and . ia
rights granted under this Agreement, (iii) an intentional act or a negligent act or omission of any of Operator’s Drivers, it q 4
officers, employees, agents, contractors, subcontractors, licensees or invitees regardless of where the injury, death or Bo a Ks
damage may occur, or (iv) the failure of Operator to comply with any Applicable Laws. The provisions of this Section9 a
shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement. Q a hi
a {Be
10. Costs of Enforcement. If legal action is necessary to enforce the terms of this Agreement, q a a
Operator shall pay all of Authority’s costs incurred in taking such action, including, without limitation, attorneys’ a
fees. a
ee
11. Environmental Matters. Operator agrees to comply with all Applicable Laws relating to the =. :
protection of the environment and the handling and release of any and all substances, chemicals, wastes, sewage or other ie i
materials which are now or hereafter regulated, controlled or prohibited by any Applicable Laws requiring removal, a i
warning or restriction on the use, generation, disposal or transportation thereof, including, without limitation, any 4 4 iii
substance defined as a “hazardous substance”, “hazardous material”, “hazardous waste”, “toxic substance” or “air | a a ig
pollutant”. a i Ya
7 8
12. Insurance. Operator agrees to comply with all requirements of the Policy regarding the i ee a
maintenance of insurance coverages. In addition, Operator further agrees that such insurance coverages maintained # if 4 a f
pursuant hereto must provide that they will be considered primary insurance as respects any other valid and collectible a ie 2 ae
insurance which Authority may possess and that any other insurance or self-insured retention of Authority shall be . = oe
considered excess insurance only. Authority shall have the right to change the insurance coverages required id a
hereunder, without cost to Authority, if such changes are recommended or imposed by Authority’s insurers. if) '
Authority also may require a copy of each insurance policy (including the declarations page and any endorsements q c a
thereto) by which Operator provides the insurance coverages required hereunder. If Operator shall at any time fail P 7
to provide any of the insurance coverages required hereunder, Authority may do all things necessary to effect or a
maintain such insurance coverage and all amounts expended by it for that purpose shall be repaid by Operator to a fd
Authority in the month in which such amounts are paid by Authority. If any insurance coverage required hereunder - a
3 4 ig 4
ARCHIVE


. i ql if i
cannot be obtained for any reason, Authority may require Operator to cease any and all operations until such = j. “4
insurance coverage is obtained. ra q
» i.
/ 13. General Provisions. : 4 3 i a i
| ; a
| (a) Operator certifies to the best of its knowledge and belief that: (i) no federally or state-appropriated q d i eas! |
| funds have been paid or will be paid by or on behalf of Operator to any person for influencing or attempting to | fi q a
| , influence an officer or employee of any agency of the United States government or a member, officer or employee Siiaa ne
| of the United States Congress, or an employee of a member of the United States Congress, in connection with a q ‘a 4 ;
| awarding of any federal contract, the making of any federal grant or loan, the entering into of any cooperative a “tid —
| agreement, or the extension, continuation, renewal, amendment or modification of any federal contract, grant, loah aan
| or cooperative agreement; and (ii) if Operator has compensated or does compensate any person for influencing or A q 2
| attempting to influence an officer or employee of any agency of the United States government, a member, officer or bl i
employee of the United States Congress, or any employee of a member of the United States Congress, in connection - :
with any contract, grant, loan or cooperative agreement, then Operator shall complete and submit to Authority, in a F :
accordance with its instructions, Standard Form LLL, “Disclosure of Lobbying Activities”; and (iii) Operator shall Jy 4
require that the language of this certification be included in the award documents for all sub-awards at all tiers io o
(including subcontracts, sub-grants and contracts under grants, loans and cooperative agreements) and that allsub- @ a a
recipients shall certify and make disclosures in accordance with this Section 12(a). %
i ,
(b) Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to grant Operator any exclusive right or privilege within the : Pi
meaning of Section 308 of the Federal Aviation Act of 1958, as amended (the “Federal Aviation Act”), for the conduct of § —
any activity at the Airport, except that, subject to the terms and provisions hereof, Operator shall have the right to operate a
at the Airport under the provisions of this Agreement. 4
-
(c) This Agreement is subject and subordinate to the provisions of any agreement heretofore or hereafter ee H
made between Authority and any Governmental Authority relative to the operation or maintenance of the Airport, the . de
execution of which has been required as a condition precedent to the transfer of federal rights or property to Authority for § i ad a
Airport purposes, or the expenditure of federal funds for the improvement or development of the Airport, including the aa a 4 '
expenditure of federal funds for the development of the Airport in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Aviation a i u a Fi
Act. \ ae:
Aa |
| if '
(d) No waiver of default by either party of any of the terms, covenants or conditions herein to (eet | |
performed, kept and observed by the other party shall be construed as, or shall operate as, a waiver of any subsequent ie . |
default of any of the terms, covenants or conditions herein contained to be performed, kept and observed by the other % | ih "| z=
party. q a - i :
(e) All notices, approvals, consents, demands and other communications required by this Agreement al e
must be in writing to be effective and personally delivered or sent by certified United States Mail, postage prepaid, | 7 : ii:
or by a recognized delivery service that provides registered and verifiable shipment or airbill tracking and delivery bid Es
record, with costs prepaid, to the addresses set forth below: z q a
— 2
To Authority: Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer - a.
Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority q a
Nashville International Airport i or
One Terminal Drive, Suite 501 : bl
Nashville, Tennessee 37214 by
af
With a copy to: pT 4
Director of Properties 4 a
Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority ! nM — o
Nashville International Airport oo
One Terminal Drive, Suite 501 4 i qi
Nashville, Tennessee 37214 ii He |
as
a.
ee
ee 5
4 4 ‘ q : ‘ F
7: e
a?
ARGHM/E


if i MET
| ie @ =
: a. a
i. =
eT
To Operator: Mr. / Ms: 4 ald C- S.vtt e a
Company: 7 and ham 4 i; »
City: 4 a ae
Street: wy a i
State: FNM SM : dal,
The person and place to which notices are to be sent may be changed by a party hereto upon written notice to the : .)
other. A notice required or permitted hereunder shall be deemed received on the date that is three (3) calendar days a .
after the date on which the notice is deposited in the United States Mail if sent by certified mail, or, if personally Na
delivered, on the date such personal delivery is made. If notice is given by a recognized delivery service, then the i
notice shall be deemed received by the addressee on the date on which the signature receipt is recorded by such :
recognized delivery service. . ®
ji i
() The headings of the several sections of this Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience * 4 q
and for reference and in no way define, limit or describe the scope or intent of any provisions of this Agreement and shall i e i i
not be construed to affect in any manner the terms and provisions hereof or the interpretation or construction thereof. i Vos e 4 ;
fe ae
(g) If one or more clauses, sections or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be unlawful, 4 oa i ||
invalid or unenforceable, the parties hereto agree that the material rights of either party hereto shall not be affected ql re i |
thereby except to the extent of such holding, and this Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid (ier ea a '
or unenforceable provision were omitted herefrom. ' q F i a
pad ae
(h) The parties hereto hereby designate the following as their agents for service of process and will 4 a
waive any objection to service of process if served upon its agent as set forth below: a t
e 8
To Authority: President v i a
Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority Ba i
Nashville International Airport ia a
One Terminal Drive, Suite 501 , . et .
Nashville, Tennessee 37214 a
i
To Operator: Mr. / Ms: Harold l. Scot f °
Company: 2 WU. rnd heen, i
City: OH 3
Street: BOO Foye! Pkwy 3
State: ZAl i a
(0) Operator hereby waives any claim against Authority and its commissioners, officers, employees, i a
agents, servants, representatives, contractors, subcontractors, affiliates, successors and assigns for loss of anticipated a i a q
profits caused by any suit or proceedings directly or indirectly attacking the validity of this Agreement or any part hereof, {4 i od
declaring this Agreement to be null, void or voidable, or delaying the exercise of any rights under this Agreement. No iW L a a
commissioner, officer, employee or agent of Authority shall be charged personally or held contractually liable by or tof Le 4 4
Operator under the terms or provisions of this Agreement. : q ‘- au 4 |
. gS
Gq) The parties hereto further covenant and agree that Authority reserves the right to further develop or # gy a 4
improve the Airport as it may see fit, regardless of the desires or views of Operator and without interference or hindrance. i Hf i 4
, |
(k) This Agreement is subject and subordinate to the provisions of any agreement heretofore or a z
hereafter made between Authority and the United States government relative to the operation or maintenance of the $ i" a
Airport, the execution of which has been required as a condition precedent to the transfer of federal rights or iy ae
property to Authority for Airport purposes, or the expenditure of federal funds for the improvement or development oH ?
of the Airport, including the expenditure of federal funds for the development of the Airport in accordance with a
provisions of the Federal Aviation Act. Authority covenants that it has no existing agreements with the United % Be
States government in conflict with the express provisions hereof. The parties incorporate herein by reference all _ aid
provisions lawfully required to be contained herein by any Governmental Authority. a e
=
5 a 4
| i:
ardude


ze
. ae
. ae i
ee i
ee
BE 3 oe
0) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns ‘ a. a i _
of the parties hereto. a a a
a
(m) _. In the event that a Governmental Authority requires modifications or changes to this Agreement as Le a
condition precedent to the granting of funds for the improvement of the Airport, or otherwise, Operator shall make ¢ i th j 4
agree to such amendments, modifications, revisions, supplements or deletions of any of the terms, conditions t A Mf ; 4
requirements of this Agreement as may be reasonably required and any expenses resulting from such amendments, ¥ame
modifications, revisions, supplements or deletions shall be paid by Authority. _ a
if i. =
kid Lia
(n) Time is of the essence in the performance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Words of q : q
any gender used in this Agreement shall be held and construed to include any other gender, words in the singular number 4 i i
shall be held to include the plural, and words in the plural number shall be held to include the singular, unless the context | ge
otherwise requires. i Ge
ie 4
(0) Each individual executing this Agreement on behalf of Operator warrants that he or she has full : om
authority to execute this Agreement on behalf of Operator. is Pil
2 4 i 4
(p) Any amount due and payable hereunder that is not paid on the date it is due shall bear interest until = =
paid at the maximum lawful rate of interest permitted to be charged under Applicable Laws. Notwithstanding any k
provision of this Agreement to the contrary, it is the intent of Authority and Operator that Authority shall not be entitled | i
to receive, collect, reserve or apply, as interest, any amount in excess of the maximum amount of interest permitted tobe ae
charged under Applicable Laws. In the event this Agreement requires a payment of interest that exceeds the maximum ji &
amount of interest permitted to be charged under Applicable Laws, such interest shall not be received, collected, charged ;
or reserved until such time as that interest, together with all other interest then payable, falls within the maximum amount 3. . 4
of interest permitted to be charged under Applicable Laws. In the event Authority receives any such interest in excess of 3m 4 a fi
the maximum amount of interest permitted to be charged under Applicable Laws, the amount that would be excessive a a
interest shall be deemed a partial prepayment hereunder and treated as such, or, if this Agreement has been terminated, (aaa 4
. any remaining excess funds shall immediately be paid to Operator. | |
nk }
(q) This Agreement shall be governed by and constructed in accordance with the laws of the State of " a io |
Tennessee. i i
-— =
(r) No waiver by a party hereto of a default by the other party in the performance or observance of # a
any of the terms, covenants and conditions hereof shall be construed as, or shall operate as, a waiver of any ‘ge j qq
subsequent default of any of the terms, covenants or conditions herein contained to be performed, kept and observed a i
by such other party. ae eH
; ie F
. . ie
(s) The parties hereto understand and agree that this instrument contains the entire agreement bi
between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Each party hereto further understands and q By
agrees that the other party and its agents have made no representations or promises with respect to this Agreement “ .
or the making or entry into this Agreement except as expressly set forth herein. Each party hereto acknowledges that z “
it has thoroughly read this Agreement, including any exhibits or attachments hereto, and has sought and received such -; q ‘ad
competent advice and counsel as was necessary for it to form a full and complete understanding of all rights and i
obligations herein. i 4
ye
a &
_ 3 :
oa oe
ae A
. Sn
i} eh Gas.
a
\ |
so ff
| a
i oa
oe
i : i ;
; We lie
6 , &
| | *
| a a
Bia By
| m* Ae
| ARGHI


Ue
vee ia
be
. it
a |
E Pid i
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Authority and Operator have executed this Agreement as of the date first“. j Z|
written above. i Zi
: rah
METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE ne x
AIRPORT AUTHORITY; 3
a
CQ Bh
Raul L. Regalado, C.A% Bd : 4
President and Chief Executive Officer j 1, ae : i
a. ie
,.
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY: RECOMMENDED BY: iG ce a Hl
a. |. 8
Zz te
A Cf AES Aa H nee i !
Mafgaret Holleman M. O. Burgess, Jr., yA) . / a mt i:
Assistant Legal Officer Executive VP and Chief Operatiié Officer ag a iq
aa
oe
OPERATOR: te >
ae ag
Win ate by W ndham 7 ae
a . if
, By: an
Name: old £ Selham “eo a
Title: 7} ana oi
Re
: a
ge | OR
a ad i q
a me
i ae
a |
|
ft ef
- & &
a oe
| aa
|
ai
Bi, an
an |
a 3
|
od
Fo
Ei
t
4
i i
pi ‘Bie
ae |
| 7 : 2
| a a a
| a.
| i
ARGH


q ra
. ‘ ‘ i; ,
| i
| i
ie |
STATE OF TENNESSEE i Oe
COUNTY OF DAVIDSON : a
Before me, Joyce A . Ho | | 6 LDA , a notary public of the state and 4 Pa
county mentioned, personally appeartd Raul L. Regalado, with whom I personally acquainted (or proved to me on the bn a q
basis of satisfactory evidence), and who, upon oath, acknowledged himself to be President and Chief Executive Officer a _ 4
of Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority, the within bargainor, a corporation, and that he as such President and Chief 4 E
Executive Officer, being authorized so to do, executed the foregoing instrument for the purpose therein contained, by zz
personally signing the name of the corporation by himself as President and Chief Executive Officer. ¢ | : in
Witness my hand and seal, at office in Nashville, Tennessee, thisdov, day of Tan € , 20 UW) : I
Uyitiiny ia
YP. * STA LE ie Fr
My Commission Expires: Oo) eed OF , = a a
= i TENNESSEE : = _
Z wpswMEpRY F = - a
2 rue ee € : = |
; Uy Oyrrreeer QoS a UY
My AVip SS a
Co as. h6U6tlUCU
a ]
_— Ul a
‘ ki |
| I q ee ;
a ae |
a ae.
_ i g
; ©
4 q =
i;
, &
2
wh i ‘a
Pa . .
#. ‘
i i
ee Se)
a. an 4 ‘
Fe
+] ie ‘
a Ul.) Oe
, t #
| eo
| | ¢
| ae |
| ae a
f i ut ae
mm oa _
7 |
a: He
read Fh
ie
a
_ fe
q a
8 : boo
‘ na
ARCHIVE


<<
. 4 eo eel
a 4 a
—
a |
" a
a 4
STATE OF O7€_) ra
COUNTY OF { AAAS ) a. a
ae
. ne ame:
Befage ,me, the undersigned, a Notary Public of the state and county mentioned, personally appeared 4 id ; i
ans ( d L Le Sct , with whom I am personally acquainted (or proved to me on the basis of (ig a Zz
satisfactory evidence), and who, upon oath, acknowledged beipsett to be of [ase : |
Ma the wjthin named bargainor, a QG@ limited liab company, #4 ie ZZ
and that’ _he as suc! , being authorized to do so, executed the foregoing instrument a a g i
for the purpose therein contained, by personally signing the name of the limited liability company as “My a
ist ay
Sn lham Lee oF
~~ fe
J Witness my ,hand and seal, at office in Ahk wil le , [Al , this al day of q 3
UVM, 20\\. a |
UZ _ &
(ae "=
Notary Public Konno : i bs
ba| PAAR 7
PE eden, ee
My Commission Expires: OD WZ / & Stare “Oy be
A *
i Ce) ig
(@) we, “Q i a
Oo, Meee . 7
“ry or? . eg
CORPORATE ACKNOWLEDGEMEN dl ia 4
a 4 i eS
STATEOF___) pif
COUNTY OF ) i" a |
a aie |
ee ;
Before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public of the state and county mentioned, personally appeared q nos ad
_, with whom I am personally acquainted (or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory d | 4
evidence), and who, upon oath, acknowledged ___ self to be of a y
_ , the within named bargainor, a corporation, and that i
__he as such , being authorized to do so, executed the foregoing instrument for the ee a Ih
purpose therein contained, by personally signing the name of the corporation as : oe i i,
ap cia
, . . a ng
Witness my hand and seal, at office in , , this day of 7) i
,20_. — 3
;. we
‘ ee
a
Notary Public E af
2
[SEAL] a
My Commission Expires: i, a
& a
ap a
i
[2 |
‘Aaa Aaa
i fobs y
4 oe
ee
a ae
9 . ! a i
dl a
oF
ARGHIVE


: a ey
ta
; ° ‘ | fot
: ‘i a
| eg im
a oe °
4 Fy 'y
a
| 7
| |
PARTNERSHIP ACKNOWLEDGEMENT ie
. @
STATE OF ) =
COUNTY OF ) —
Before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public of the state and county aforementioned, personally appeared : ba :
, with whom I am personally acquainted (or proved to me on the basis of oe
satisfactory evidence), and who, upon oath, acknowledged self to be partner of £
, the within named bargainor, a partnership, and that x
__he, as such partner, being authorized to do so, executed the foregoing instrument for the i
purpose therein contained by signing the name of the partnership by self as 4 a
partner. ie
|
Witness my hand and seal, at office in ; , this day of i" -
520. if to
: : a
‘4 hy :
if a " iE
Notary Public :. 4. &
= oF
[SEAL] 7 ©
My Commission Expires: Bs if
. ©
Pi 4 q
se °.
: .
INDIVIDUAL ACKNOWLEDGEMENT id
STATE OF ) 4
COUNTY OF ) “ @
, |
On this day of , 20_, before me personally appeared a &
, to me known to be the person described in and who executed the _ oi 4
foregoing instrument, and acknowledged that _he executed the same as free act and deed. Fr Bs i ‘q
oe. a
Witness my hand, at office, this day of ,20_. 4 7 i
* 1m i
if ees a
| ee
| ie ' |
3 ee |
Notary Public a) ee
(a -
[SEAL] i |
My Commission Expires: i —
eS
, oe
4 , _
a
# ( . gd
_ =
} i.
10 Ee
. §
ARGHIVE
