^-3^73
BLIGHTED PROPERTY GRANT CONTRACT
BETWEEN THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
AND
[Von Elrod's, LLC.]
This Blighted Property Grant Contract issued and entered into pursuant to Metropolitan Code of Laws
Section 2.212.030 et. seq. and BL2013-431 by and between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville
and Davidson County ("Metro") and Von Elrod's, LLC. (the "Recipient") for the purpose of stabilizing the
value of the neighborhood and increasing the value of the facilities being constructed or rehabilitated on
1004 4**^ Avenue N. Nashville, TN 37219.
A. 
SCOPE OF PROGRAM:
A.I. 
The Recipient shall use the grant funds to reimburse expenditures made improving the exterior
portions of the commercial property located at 1004 4"^ Avenue N. Nashville, TN 37219 (the
"Project"). The grant application submitted by the Recipient and any of its amendments is
attached hereto and made a part thereof.
A.2. 
The grant funds shall not exceed ten percent (10%) or fifty thousand dollars ($50,000), whichever
is less, of the documented investment of Recipient in the Project. The Recipient's investment in
the Project shall exceed one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000).
A.3. 
At the time the grant application is made, the value of the real property on which the Project is
located shall not exceed one million dollars ($1,000,000) according to the records of the Davidson
County Property Tax Assessor.
B. 
GRANT CONTRACT TERM:
B.I. 
Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant shall commence on August 30,2017 and end on
June 30, 2018. Metro shall have no obligation for services rendered by the Recipient which are
not performed within this term.
C. 
PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
C.I. 
Maximum Liabilitv. In no event shall the rhaximum liability of Metro under this Blighted Property
Grant Contract exceed fifty thousand dollars ($50,000). This amount shall constitute the
maximum Grant Amount available to the Recipient by Metro. The maximum liability of Metro is
not subject to escalation for any reason. Metro's maximum liability is subject to the appropriation
of funds by the Metropolitan Council.
C.2. 
Payment Methodoloav. The Recipient shall be compensated for actual costs as evidenced by
expenditure receipts, not to exceed the maximum liability established in Section C.I.
All invoices shall be sent to the Director of the Mayor's Office of Economic and Community
Development. Said payment shall not exceed the maximum liability of this Blighted Property
Grant Contract.
Final invoices for the contract period should be received by Metro Payment Services by July 15,
2018. Any invoice not received by the deadline date will not be processed and all remaining
grant funds will expire.
C.3. 
Annual Expenditure Report. The Recipient shall submit a final grant Annual Expenditure Report
within 45 days of the end of the Blighted Property Grant Contract. Said report shall be in form
and substance acceptable to Metro and shall be prepared by a Certified Public Accounting Firm
or the Chief Financial Officer of the Recipient.
ARCHIVE


C.4. 
Payment of Invoice. The payment of any invoice by Metro shaii not prejudice Metro's right to
object to the invoice or any matter in relation thereto. Such payment by Metro shall neither be
construed as acceptance of any part of the work or service provided nor as an approval of any of
the costs included therein.
C.5. 
Unallowable Costs. The Recipient's invoice shaii be subject to reduction for amounts included in
any invoice or payment theretofore made which are deterrriined by Metro, On the basis of audits
or monitoring conducted in accordance with the terms of this Blighted Property Grant Contract, to
constitute unallowable costs.
0.6. 
Clawback. Payments made to Recipient shaii be subject to ciawback for amounts included in any
invoice or payment theretofore made which, after review of the Annual Expenditure Report, Metro
determines are not consistent with the terms of this grant contract or Metropolitan Code of Laws
Section 2.212.030.
D. 
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDiTiONS:
D.I. 
Required Approvals. Metro is hot bound by this Blighted Property Grant Contract until it is
approved by the appropriate Metro representatives as indicated on the signature page.
D.2. 
Modification and Amendment. This Blighted Property Grant Contract may be modified only by a
written amendment that has been approved in accordance with ail Metro procedures.
D.3. 
Termination for Cause. Should the Recipient fail to properly perform its obligations under this
Blighted Property Grant Contract or if the Recipient violates any terms of this Blighted Property
Grant Contract, Metro shaii have the right to immediately terminate the Blighted Property Grant
Contract and the Recipient shall riot be entitled to any grant funds not actually received as of the
termination date. The Recipient shall also return to Metro any and all funds expended for.
purjaoses contrary to the terms of the Blighted Property Grant Contract. Such termination shall
not relieve the Recipient of any liability to Metro for damages sustained by virtue of any breach by
the Recipient.
D.4. 
Conflicts of interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount shall be paid
directly or indirectly to an employee or official of Metro as wages, compensation, or gifts in
exchange for acting as an officer, agent, employee, subcontractor, or consultant to the Recipient
in connection with any work contemplated or performed relative to this Blighted Property Grant
Contract.
D.5. 
Nondiscrimination. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that ho person shaii be
excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination
in the performance of this Grant Contract or in the employment practices of the Recipient on the
grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other classification
which is in violation of applicable laws. The Recipient shall, upon request, show proof of such
nondiscrimination and shaii post in conspicuous places, available to ail employees and
applicants, notices of nondiscrimination.
D.6. 
Records. The Recipient shaii maintain documentation for all charges to Metro under this Blighted
Property Grant Contract. The books, records, and documents of the Recipient, insofar as they
relate to work performed or money received under this Blighted Property Grant Contract, shall be
maintained for a period of three (3) fuii years from the date of the final payment or until the
Recipient engages a licensed independent public accountant to perform an audit of its activities.
The books, records, and documents of the Recipient insofar as they relate to work performed or
money received under this Grant Contract shall be subject to audit at any reasonable time and
upon reasonable notice by Metro or its duly appointed representatives. Records and financial
statements shall be maintained and prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles.
ARCHIVE


D.7. 
Monitoring. The Recipient's activities conducted and records maintained pursuant to this Blighted
Property Grant Contract shall be subject to monitoring and evaluation by The Metropolitan Office
of Financial Accountability or Metro's duly appointed representatives. The Recipient shall make
all audit, accounting, or financial records, notes, and other documents pertinent to this grant
available for review by the Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability, Internal Audit or
Metro's representatives, upon request, during normal working hours.
D.8. 
Strict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist in any one of more casbs upon the strict
performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement shall not
be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of any such term, covenant, condition, or provision.
No term or condition of this Blighted Property Grant Contract shall be held to be waived, modified,
or deleted except by a written amendment by the appropriate parties as indicated on the
signature page of this Blighted Property Grant Contract.
D.9. 
Insurance. The Recipient agrees to carry adequate public liability and other appropriate forms of
insurance, and to pay ail applicable taxes Incident to this Blighted Property Grant Contract.
D.10. Metro Liabilitv. Metro shall have no liability except as specifically provided in this Blighted
Property Grant Contract.
D. 11. Independent Contractor. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to create a
partnership or joint venture between the Recipient and Metro or to create the relationship of
principal and agent between or among the Recipient and Metro. The Recipient shall not hold
itself put in a manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph. Metro shall not become liable for
any representation, act, or omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph.
D. 12. Indemnification and Hold Harmless.
(a) Recipient shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Metro, its officers, agents and
employees from any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attomey fees for injuries or damages
arising, in part or in whole, from the negligent or intentional acts or omissjons of Recipient, its
officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or independent contractors, in connection
with the performance of the contract, and any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney
fees arising from any failure of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub
or independent contractors, to observe applicable laws, including, but not limited to, labor laws
and minimum wage laws;
(b) Metro will not indemnify, defend or hold harmless in any fashion the Recipient from any
claims, regardless of any language in any attachment or other document that the Recipient may
provide.
(c) Recipient shall pay Metro any expenses incurred as a result of Recipient's failure to fulfill any
ot)ligation in a professional and timely manner under this Blighted Property Grant Contract.
(d) Recipient's duties under this section shall survive the termination or expiration of the Blighted
Property Grant Contract.
D.I 3. Force Maieiire. The obligations of the parties to this Blighted Property Grant Contract are subject
to prevention by causes beyond the parties' control that could not be avoided by the exercise of
due care including, but not limited to, acts of God, riots, wars, strikes, epidemics or any other
similar cause.
D.14. State. Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with all applicable federal,
state and local laws and regulations in the performance of this Blighted Property Grant Contract.
D.I 5. Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction and effect of this Blighted Property Grant
Contract and any and ail extensions and/or modifications thereof shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The venue for legal action
concerning this Blighted Property Grant Contract shall be in the courts of Davidson County,
Tennessee.
ARCHIVE


D.16. Completeness. This Blighted Property Grant Contract is complete and contains the entire
understanding between the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein, inciuding ali
the terms and conditions of the parties' agreement. This Biighted Property Grant Contract
supersedes any and all prior understandings, representations, negotiations, and agreements
between the parties reiating hereto, whether written or oral.
D.17. Headings. Section headings are for reference purposes only and shall not be construed as part
of this Blighted Property Grant Contract.
D. 18. Assignment—Consent Required. The provisions of this contract shall inure to the benefit of and
shall be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Except for
the rights of money due to Recipient under this contract, neither this contract nor any of the rights
and obligations of Recipient hereunder shall be assigned or transferred in whole or In part without
the prior written consent of Metro. Any such assignment or transfer shall not release Recipient
from its obiigations hereunder. Notice of assignment of any rights to money due to Recipient
under this Contract must be sent to the attention of the Metro Department of Finance.
D.19. Gratuities and Kickbacks, it shail be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or
agree to give any empioyee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to
solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a gratuity or an offer of
employment in connection with any decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation,
preparations of any part of a program requirement or a purchase request, influencing the content
of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any
other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, ciaim
or controversy in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or
controversy or other particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or
subcontract or to any soiicitation or proposai therefore. It shall be a breach of ethical standards
for any payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor
under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or a person associated
therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach of the provisions of
this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of ethicai standards which may
resuit in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or suspension from participation in
Metropoiitan Government contracts.
D.20. Communications and Contacts. All instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other
communications from the Recipient required or contemplated by this Blighted Property Grant
Contract shall be in writing and shail be made by facsimile transmission, or by first class mail,
addressed to the respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or address as' set forth
below or to such other party, facsimile number, or address as may be hereafter specified by
written notice.
Metro:
Mayor's Office of Economic
and Community Development
Director
PC Box 196300
Nashville, TN 37219-6300
(615) 862-6021 phone, (615) 862-6025 fax
Copy to:
Department of Law
Director
PC Box 196300
Nashville, TN 37219-6300
(615) 862-6341 phone, (615) 862-6353 fax
ARCHIVE


Recipient:
Name: Tom Perry
Title: COO
Company Name : Von Eirod's, LLC.
Address : 1004 4th Ave. N.
Address : Nashviiie, TN 37219
Telephone/Fax: (615) 306-7756
Effective Date. This contract shall not be binding upon the parties untii it has been signed first by the
Recipient and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government and has been fiied in
the office of the Metropoiitan Cierk. When it has been so signed and fiied, this contract shall be effective as
of 
4^(4-/7
THE METROPOLiTAN GOVERNMENT OF
NASHViLLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY:
Director of Mayor's Office of Economic and
Community Development
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF
FUNDS:
Di
RECIPIENT:
Title:
/^coO
Sworn to and subscribed to before me a Notary
Public, thlaj^^av
of 
, 201J7
rector of Finance
tary-Publi^ (/
My Commission expires
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALiTY
Metropolitan Attorney
C
 •* 
STATE 
•• -
r
 •' 
OF 
*. :
-
 : TENNESSEE *. 
•
"
 •. 
NOTARY ; 
i
z •. 
PUBLIC .• c
''III!***
Metropolitan Clerk
SEP 1 9
ARCHIVE
