L - y/(i7
EXECUTION COPY
Memorandum of Understanding
This Memorandum of Understanding is entered into this ^ 
day of April, 2019 between the
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, through its Board of Fair
Commissioners (collectively, "Metro") and Google Fiber Tennessee, LLC ("Google Fiber").
WHEREAS, Metro owns and conducts numerous activities on a parcel of property comprising
the Fairgrounds Nashville (the "Property"); and
WHEREAS, Google Fiber maintains certain communication lines (the "Lines") within the public
rights of way and other areas within the Property; and
WHEREAS, placement of the Lines has been through the limited consent of Metro; and
WHEREAS, Metro is undertaking several construction projects (collectively, the "Project") on the
Property that require relocation of the Lines; and
WHEREAS, Metro and Google Fiber seek to memorialize their understandings as to the
relocation of the Lines and for the provision of permanent easements or other rights in the
future.
The parties agree as follows:
1. Metro will designate space reasonably acceptable to Google Fiber (the "Designated
Temporary Space") on the Property for the temporary relocation of the Lines in areas
that are (a) not in conflict with the Project, (b) will minimize the risk of damage to the
Lines, and (c) not reasonably likely require Google Fiber to temporarily relocate the
Lines again before they can be permanently relocated.
2. Google Fiber will promptly relocate the Lines to the Designated Temporary Space. All
relocation work will be performed at times that do not conflict with Project work. All
relocation work will be performed at Google Fiber's sole cost and expense.
3. In the event Metro, In good faith and after exploring all reasonable alternatives with
Google Fiber, requires further temporary relocation of the Lines from the Designated
Temporary Space, Metro will notify Google Fiber and designate new temporary space
reasonably acceptable to Google Fiber that satisfies the same criteria set forth in Section
1 above. Such new temporary space will become the Designated Temporary Space,
{N0270347.1}
ARCHIVE


and Google Fiber will promptly relocate the Lines into such Designated Temporary
Space at Google Fiber's sole cost and expense.
4. At all times not in conflict with Project work Google Fiber, will have access to the
Designated Temporary Space to perform installation, maintenance, repair, and removai
of the Lines. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a customer-impacting outage
or other emergency, Google Fiber may access the Lines at any time to perform
maintenance and repairs, and in such cases Google Fiber will coordinate with Metro to
minimize conflicts with Project work associated with such emergency maintenance and
repairs.
5. Metro and its agents will make all reasonable efforts not to interfere with the Lines and
will take all reasonable precautions to ensure that the Lines are not damaged while the
lines remain in the Designated Temporary Space. Metro will allow Google Fiber to place
appropriate warning signs or other protections on or around the Lines to minimize the
risk of damage to the Lines so long as such signs and other protections do not interfere
with Project work.
6. Metro will notify Google Fiber upon the conclusion of the Project and will work
cooperatively with Googie Fiber to identify mutuaily acceptable permanent space (the
"Designated Permanent Space") on the Property or in the public right of way that is
suitable for permanent relocation of the Lines.
7. Google Fiber will apply for permits or easements or other usage rights ("Permanent
Rights") in the Designated Permanent Space as Metro deems appropriate for the
permanent relocation of the Lines. Google Fiber will be required to compensate Metro
for the Permanent Rights to the same extent as other users would be required to
compensate Metro for comparable Permanent Rights.
8. After acquiring the Permanent Rights, Google Fiber will relocate the Lines to the
Designated Permanent Space at its sole cost and expense. Such relocation will be
performed at times that do not interfere with other activities on the Property.
9. After completing any relocation work, and in connection with any maintenance or
replacement work thereafter, Google Fiber will restore all parts of and improvements to
the Property to the condition obtaining prior to the commencement of such relocation,
rtiaintenance or replacement work.
{N0270347.1} 
.
2
ARCHIVE


Metropolitan Government of Nashville and
Davidson County, by and through the Board
of Fair Commis~sioners
I Womack, Executive Director
Google Fiber Tennessee, LLC.
Philipp Schindler
Authorized Signatory
2019.04.08
09:42:45
-07'00'
2019 OPK 8
FL.EBMETROPOLITHHtLi.RK
{N0270347.1}
ARCHIVE
