L'^iSS
^ #.
^ 
Plq^e complete all pages.
Tourism Media Pty Ltd
Production Company:
FILM PRODUC
cS"
TION PERMIT APPLICATION
MAYOR'S OFFICE OF FILM AND SPECIAL EVENTS
Producer:
Rohan Trundie
Address:
Unit 2, 62 Bishop St, Keivin Grove
City:
Brisbane
Email Address:_
Local Contact: _
Email Address:
rohan@tourismmedia.com.au
5 
01 
%
7 June, 2019
Date:
QLD(Austra 
4059
. 
State: 
Zip:
+61 7 3369 7876 
+61 418 875 787
Phone: 
Cell:
Title:
Phone:
Cell:
Title/Project:
Nashville Destination Guide
Name:
Film Dates:
24-27 June 2019
Film Hours:
0700-2200
Prep/Wrap Hours/Dates (if applicable):
Estimated dollars left in Nashville:
1
Total Number of Crew:
$2000
Number of Nashville Crew:
Total Number of Talent:
Principals:
Extras:
Production Classification:
Nashville Talent:
Feature Film:
TV Movie:
Music Video:
(Artist):.
Still:
Industrial/Corporate:
TV Commercial:
TV Promo:
Documentary:
TV Series/Pilot: 
Educational: 
Other (specify): Online destination guide/vidi
ARCHIVE


Locations: (please number & 
list all, and indicate if any are to include interior filming)
Mon, 24 Jun - Day - Five Points - Public -
Men, 24 Jun -1100 - The Nashville Biscuit House - Interiors, Exteriors - 805 Gallatin Ave, Nashville, IN 37206
Mon, 24 Jun -1130 - Pepperflres - Interiors, Exteriors - 1000 Gallatin Ave C, Nashville, IN 37206
Mon, 24 Jun - Day - Chet Atkins Statue - Public - "266 5th Ave N
Nashville"
Mon, 24 Jun - Day - 5thAvenue of the Arts - Public - "221 5th Ave N
Nashville, Tennessee
It
Mon, 24 Jun - Day - Tinney Contemporary - Exteriors - 237 5th Ave N First Floor, Nashville, TN 37219, USA
Mon, 24 Jun -1400 - Rymer Gallery - Interiors, Exteriors - 233 5th Ave N, Nashville, TN 37219, USA
Mon, 24 Jun -1430 - Arts Company - Interiors, Exteriors - 215 5th Ave N, Nashville, TN 37219, USA
Mon, 24 Jun -1600 - Marathon Village - Antique Archaeology - Interiors, Exteriors -1300 Clinton St., Suite
130, Nashville, TN 37203 
_ 
_ 
q
Central Business District: If you are working in the central business district, will your activity block the sidewalk
or access to adjacent businesses in any way? YesD No0 If yes, please explain:
Street/lane and or sidewalk closure requirements (state specific dates/times):
nil
Parking requirements (barricades, cones, meters bagged): Please provide meter numbers and location of
meters. Also list vehicles/trucks to be used in production (i.e. bago, 5-ton, 15'-prop)
nil
Vehicles: Will any portion of the filming applied for under this Film Production Permit Application be done from
a moving motorized vehicle of any kind? YesD NoEZl If yes, please explain;
Utilities: Will any utility services such as electricity or water be required? YesQ NoEl If yes, please explain:
Describe how waste and recycling will be managed at the event.
n/a 
n/a
Number of Trash Containers: 
Number of Recycling Containers:
n/a
Name of individual or waste hauler responsible for trash & 
recycling:
Describe your plan for clean up and removal of trash and recycling after filming:
n/a
ARCHIVE


FILM LOCATION AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
AND
Tourism Media Pty Ltd
This Agreement is made and entered into on this 7th 
day of June 
, 20 19 . by and between THE
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, a governmental, municipal and public
corporation created and existing under and by virtue of the Constitution and laws of the State of Tennessee (hereinafter
"METRO"), and Tourism Media Pty Ltd 
, a [soie
proprietorship/partnership/corporation/other: 
] with its principal place of business at
2/62 Bishop St, Kelvin Grove, OLD 4059, Austraiia 
(hereinafter "FILM MAKER).
WHEREAS, METRO wishes to encourage and accommodate the film industry and its activities within the area of the
Metropolitan Government;
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and obligations set out hereafter and for other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:
1. The purpose of this Agreement is to permit FILM MAKER, its agents, officers and employees to utilize any site
referenced on the film permit application attached hereto ("addendum"), which Is owned by or leased to
METRO, or which is a public right-of-way, (hereinafter referred to as "SITE"), for the production of a film, subject
to all other permits required by the Metropolitan Code of Laws, and subject to all terms and conditions
associated with those permits. METRO grants FILM MAKER the right to film, reproduce, and use (either
accurately or with such liberties as deemed necessary) the SITE and to bring onto and remove from the SITE its
officers, agents, and employees for its film making purposes, as described in the addendum. However, METRO
does not represent that it owns or leases any or all of the sites referenced on the attached addendum, it is
entirely and solely the FILM MAKER'S responsibility to ascertain the ownership of any site it wishes to use, and
to obtain the necessary permission. By this Agreement, METRO does not purport to give FILM MAKER
permission relating to sites other than public rights-of-way and other than sites which METRO does own or
lease.
2. This Agreement shall apply solely to the described SITE, and not to any other property or location. This
agreement is made in connection with the film referenced on the addendum and includes the right to re-use the
film in connection with other motion picture photoplays as FILM MAKER, its successors, assigns, and licensees
shall elect, and in connection with the exhibition, advertising, and exploitation thereof, in any manner
whatsoever and at any time in any part of the world.
3. FILM MAKER shall have access to and use of the SITE during the time period referenced on the addendum.
However, if because of illness of actors, directors or other essential artists and crews, or because of conditions
or occurrence beyond the control of FILM MAKER, preventing FILM MAKER from starting or completing work
during the period designated above, or in the event of damaged or imperfect film or equipment, FILM MAKER
shall have the right to use the SITE at a later date to be mutually agreed upon by the parties, but METRO has no
obligation to delay changes to or other use of the SITE pending such use.
4. FILM MAKER shall provide crowd control, noise control, and security. Should METRO deem FILM MAKER'S
provisions for same to be inadequate, FILM MAKER shall provide crowd control, noise control, and security at
the level required by METRO.
5. Upon completion of the utilization of the SITE, FILM MAKER shall leave said SITE in substantially the same
condition and as clean and orderly as when found by FILM MAKER.
6. FILM MAKER agrees to assume the risk for any and all defects and/or other conditions, whether these defects or
5
ARCHIVE


other conditions are dangerous and/or whether these defects or other conditions are discoverable by either
party, and/or known or unknown to either party. Towards that end FILM MAKER agrees that METRO assumes
IMG responsibility or liability for any defects or other conditions of the SITE, dangerous or otherwise, whether
the conditions are known or unknown to either party, and/or discoverable by either party. Furthermore,
METRO disclaims that the SITE is appropriate for FILM MAKER'S intended purpose, artistic or otherwise.
7. METRO reserves the right to require that FILM MAKER stop all filming and other operations in and around the
SITE in the event:
a. Of an emergency or unforeseen urgent event as determined in Metro's sole discretion, or
b. FILM MAKER fails to comply with the dates and times as specified in Paragraph 3.
8. Use of METRO personnel by FILM MAKER during normal business hours shall require prior written approval of
the proper officials of METRO. If this occurs, FILM MAKER shall reimburse METRO for all METRO personnel used
by FILM MAKER for all costs associated with use of the employee including but not limited to each individual's
regular hourly rate of pay or overtime rate of pay. Further, use of any METRO employee does not constitute
consent to filming any METRO employee.
9. METRO does not hold copyrights to public artworks located on METRO property. The artist retains copyright in
most cases. If the FILM MAKER wishes to include a public artwork in the commercial production, the FILM
MAKER must reach out to Metro Arts (publicart@nashville.gov) for artist contact information and/or a separate
permit.
10. (a) FILM MAKER shall obtain comprehensive general public liability insurance coverage with an insurance
company authorized to do business in the State of Tennessee and acceptable to METRO. If FILM MAKER uses an
automobile on the SITE, FILM MAKER agrees to obtain automobile liability insurance. Both policies of insurance
shall have a limit of not less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00). In the event a METRO structure is used,
FILM MAKER shall also provide insurance coverage, for any damage to the structure, which shall have a limit of
not less than Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000.00). This insurance coverage may be carried in a
separate policy or it may be included in the comprehensive general liability policy.
(b) FILM MAKER shall provide a certificate of insurance evidencing coverage that names METRO, its officers,
employees, and agents, as their interests may appear, in a form acceptable to METRO before FILM MAKER can
have access to the SITE.
(c) The limits of liability insurance required herein shall in no way limit the amount of damages for which FILM
MAKER may be liable to METRO hereunder.
11. FILM MAKER shall indemnify and hold METRO and its officers, agents and employees harmless and free from any
and all claims, including but not limited to personal injury, property damage, or violation of state or federal
intellectual property rights, alleged to have arisen or resulted wholly or partially from the exercise of any of the
rights or permissions granted herein to FILM MAKER. This indemnification and hold harmless includes, but is not
limited to, the payment of all attorney fees, expenses, costs, judgments, and other expenses which may be
incurred by METRO, its officers, agents, or employees as a result of any and all such claims. To the extent of any
insurance coverage, FILM MAKER'S duty to indemnify METRO shall be satisfied pro tanto.
12. FILM MAKER shall reimburse METRO for any and all damages to personal and real property owned or leased by
METRO, which damage results wholly or partially from the exercise of any of the rights or permissions granted
herein to FILM MAKER.
13. FILM MAKER shall comply with the provisions of Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 in connection with its
utilization of the SITE. Admission, participation of spectators, and use of the facilities during production of the
film shall be without regard to race, creed, color, gender, age, handicap, or national origin.
ARCHIVE


14. FILM MAKER agrees to comply with all laws of the State of Tennessee and all ordinances and regulations of
METRO.
15. METRO assumes no responsibility for any personal property placed on, In, or around the SITE by FILM MAKER or
FILM maker's officers, agents and employees.
16. Any Special Conditions are referenced on the addendum.
17. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement of the Parties. Any modification of this Agreement shall be in
writing, signed by the authorized officials of both Parties and attached hereto.
18. The validity, construction, and effect of this Agreement and any and all extensions and/or modifications shall be
governed by the laws of the State of Tennessee, and any actions between the parties arising from this
Agreement shall be maintained in the courts of Davidson County, Tennessee
19. Should any provision of this contract be declared to be invalid by any court of competent jurisdiction, such
provision shall be severed and shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this contract.
20. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall affect the right of any party thereafter to enforce such
provision or to exercise any right or remedy available to it in the event of any other or subsequent violation.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be properly executed as of the date first above
written.
THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND
DAVIDSON COUNTY:
ilayor's Office(0^lrTy& Special Events
APPROVED AS TO INSURANCE:
Metropolltacaraurance Manager
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY:
Metropolitan Attorney
FILM MAKER:
Tourism Media Pty Ltd
Company Name
2/62 Bishop St, Kelvin Grove
Street Address
Brisbane, OLD, 4059, Australia
City, State, Zip Code
Rohan Trundle
Print Name
Production Manager
Title
FILED IN THE OFFICE OF THE METROPOLITAN CLERK:
Metropolitan Clerk
Date
Ml 15 2nin
Rohan Trundle
Digitally signed by Rohan Trundle
DN: cnaRohan Trundio, oaJourism Media Ry Ltd, ou°Me
Produdien, amai)=rohan|gtourismmodia.coniau. c^AU
Date: 2019.06.07 1359:32 '^lO'OO
Signature
7 June, 2019
Date
ARCHIVE


P
I Professional
I insurance
I Agencies pty ltd
Broker Representative
Professional Insurance Agencies Pty Ltd
P: 07 3831 3333 F: 1300 762 465
E: pia@piapLcom.au
PC Box 3211
Newstead OLD 4006
CERTIFICATE OF INSURANCE
Acting as the Insurance Adviser for Tourism Media Pty Ltd we certify that:
•
 The insurance contract detailed below was arranged on the date shown below.
•
 
We have not received any notice of assignment, cancellation, variation or endorsement of
the insurance contract from the insurer or the insured.
NAME OF INSURED:
SITUATION:
ADDITIONAL INSUREDS:
CLASS OF INSURANCE:
Tourism Media Pty Ltd
and Please take me to Australia Pty Ltd
Unit 2, 62 Bishop St, Kelvin Grove, QLD 4059 (Worldwide)
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County
720 8. 5th Street
Nashville, TN 37206
SURA Annual Film Package
Public & Products Liability $20,000,000 A.0.0.
PERIOD OF INSURANCE:
8th June 2019 to 8th June 2020
INSURER/S:
SURA Film & Entertainment
POLICY NUMBER:
CINE00021516CAFP
DATE ARRANGED
05/04/2018
IMPORTANT NOTICES
This Certificate is provided for information purposes onlv and is accurate based on our records at the
time it is issued. We are under no obligation to inform you of any subsequent changes to the insurance
contract or our records. This Certificate confers no rights on the Certificate holder. It does not amend,
extend or alter the coverage provided by the policy in any way.
Authorised Representative of Resilium Insurance Broking Pty Ltd
ABN 92 169 975 973 AFSL 460382
Resilium
Insurance Broking
ARCHIVE
