MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING

This Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”), is by and between the Metropolitan
Nashville Airport Authority, hereinafter referred to as the “Authority”, and Colonial Pipeline
Company hereinafter referred to as “Lessee”.

WITNESSETH

WHEREAS, the Authority is the owner and operator of the Nashville International
Airport, Nashville, Tennessee, together with certain air navigational facilities (the “Airport”);
and,

WHEREAS, Lessee has, since 1986, been a sublessee (through American Airlines, Inc.
as primary lessee) of certain real property at the Airport, and

WHEREAS, American Airlines will no longer be involved as the primary lessee but the
Authority and Lessee desire to continue, as a mutual benefit to both parties, Lessee’s use of the
real property more fully and approximately described on Exhibit “A”, attached hereto and made
a part hereof.

NOW THEREFORE, until an appropriate, mutually agreeable, long term lease can be
negotiated, the Authority and Lessee desire to proceed with establishing this MOU subject to the
following terms and conditions:

L Lessee shall have access to real property at the Airport, as more fully described on
Exhibit “A”, attached hereto and made a part hereof (the “Assigned Area’’) for the rental
tate of Two Thousand and Three Hundred dollars ($2,300.00) per month, commencing
July 12, 2013, and continuing for ninety (90) days.

Il. The Authority hereby agrees to allow Lessee to use the Assigned Area solely as an
Aviation Fuel Delivery / Metering facility.

IIL. Lessee will keep the Assigned Area at all times in good condition and repair free from
trash and debris.

IV. Utility services are the responsibility of the Lessee.

V. For the term of the MOU, the Lessee has full access to the Assigned Area, and hereby
assumes all responsibilities, duties, liabilities, and rights related to its use of the
Assigned Area.

VI. Lessee shall cooperate and communicate with the BNA Fuel Company, LLC, a
consortium established for the purpose of managing the fuel facilities at the Nashville
International Airport, for the successful delivery and receipt of jet fuel.

VIL. Lessor and Lessee shall protect, defend, indemnify and hold the each other (including
their respective the Boards of Commissioners/Directors, officers, and employees
completely harmless from and against any and all liabilities, demands, suits, claims,


tosses, fines or judgments arising by reason of the injury or death of any person or

damage to any property, including all reasonable costs for investigation and defense

thereof (including but not limited to attorney fees, court costs, and expert fees), of any
nature whatsoever arising out of or incident to the extent of their negligence in
performing their landlord and tenant duties, respectively, under this Agreement to the
extent allowed under applicable law. Each party shall give the other reasonable notice of
any such claims or actions.

VII. Insurance:

(1) Lessee agrees to maintain General Liability insurance with coverage limits of not

less than $2,000,000 per occurrence and $2,000,000 in aggregate during the term
of this MOU and any renewals thereof, that insures against claims, damages, losses
and liabilities arising from bodily injury, death and/or property damage, including
any such claims, damages losses and liabilities arising from or relating to the
occupancy, use or operation of the Assigned Area.
Lessee agrees to maintain Excess Liability Insurance policy including Time
Element Pollution Endorsement to include Sudden & Accidental Pollution
Liability with limits of liability of not less than $3,000,000 per occurrence and
$3,000,000 in aggregate.

(2) Lessee agrees to maintain Automobile Liability insurance covering owned, non-
owned and hired automobiles with coverage limits of not less than $2,000,000 per
accident.

Lessee agrees to maintain Workers’ Compensation and Occupational Disease
Insurance as required by the states having jurisdiction and Employers’ Liability
Insurance in an amount not less than $2,000,000.

(3) | Such insurance policies (except the WC) shall name the Authority, its Board of
Commissioners, its officers, and its employees as additional insureds and shall
provide that such insurance policies shall be considered primary insurance as to
any other valid and collectible insurance or self-insured retention the Authority
may possess or retain. Any insurance coverages maintained by the Authority shall
be considered excess insurance only. Each insurance company issuing an
insurance policy providing these coverages shall be (A) rated not less than the
minimum rating of A- if A.M. Best Company is the rating service, or such
equivalent rating if A.M. Best Company is not the rating service, (B) an eligible
surplus lines insurer approved to issue coverage in the State of Tennessee, or (C)
otherwise approved by the chief financial officer of the Authority.

(4) Lessee agrees to maintain Pollution Legal Liability insurance coverage with
coverage limits of not less than $50,000,000 per occurrence and $50,000,000 in
aggregate, that insures against claims, damages, losses and liabilities arising from a
discharge, dispersal, release or escape of any solid, liquid, gaseous or thermal
irritant or contaminant, hazardous substances, smoke, vapors, soot, fumes, acids,
alkalis, toxic chemicals or medical waste materials into or upon the Assigned Area
and resulting from activities of the Lessee or others for which the Lessee is

ARCHIVE


responsible. The Self-Insured Retention (SIR) for this pollution legal liability
policy will not exceed $10,000,000 per occurrence and $10,000,000 in the
aggregate. Each insurance policy providing the pollution coverage shall name the
Authority and its commissioners, officers and employees as additional insureds
thereunder and shall provide that such insurance policy shall be considered
primary insurance as to any other valid and collectible insurance or self-insured
retention the Authority may possess or retain. Each insurance company issuing an
insurance policy providing the pollution coverage shall be (A) rated not less than
the minimum rating of A- if AM. Best Company is the rating service, or such
equivalent rating if A.M. Best Company is not the rating service, (B) an eligible
surplus lines insurer approved to issue coverage in the State of Tennessee, or (C)
otherwise approved by the chief financial officer of the Authority.

(5) Lessee agrees to provide the Lessor a certificate of insurance evidencing the
insurance required under this agreement and a letter providing evidence of
financial stability as respects the Self-Insured Retention on this policy.

IX. Either party may terminate this agreement with thirty (30) days written notice to the
other party. Lessee must return the said property back to the Authority in the same
condition as received from Authority. Lessee agrees to comply with all applicable local,
state, or federal laws, rules and regulations, including any such rules or regulations
promulgated by the Authority.

X. Lessee shall not sublease, mortgage, assign or otherwise encumber the Assigned Area
or Lessee’s rights, duties and responsibilities under this MOU without the prior written
approval of the Authority.

ARCHIVE


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this instrument to be executed
by the duly authorized representatives on the day and date first written above.
METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE
AIRPORT AUTHORITY
WITNESS: APPROVED:
xo
Nr hb he
Jbyce Holloway Robert R.Wigirffton
Segretary President & CEO
APPROVED AS TO
FORM AND LEGALITY: RECOMMENDED:
ak yg
gs PES 5 IK Ky
Margaret Holleman, - n Howard Jr. /
Senior Legal Counsel Assistant Vice President Properties
LESSEE:
COLONIAL PIPELINE COMPANY
WITNESS: APPROVED:
Signature feo Signature
os fa
Printed Name: Pesbs A. fh ceis) Printed Name tA. Jodes
Tite: Aesh Sertpe, Tite: V0


Exhibit A
2}
reek
es] \h
z "
3\,
> a\4
Lik
ae
ah %
OAS ALA
\ Ae
a\? }\7
%\
‘a3
ace .
ake | FP,
AAR. | cers
, ho ly Mee ty,
- is Ui mn Mong
i 13,05 "Ty My
ai \ A 50 i Fes.
sg: \ Ligg 2
. \ * Ate.
AN et
i 4 ) Z He
*y a ¥ it
p Jy
f APL
a te. ah i:
2 pitas 5? ah
! 4 = Ty! “| a
fy? a : é ;
Ag f !
id - it
mn Py 4 ( ; i
7a! 4. s
¢ Be Site *. ie
LAE, Mig i ‘s
ee «a Sm, a i?
’ hve" Fp tery, \%
OMe ey, \E
Mees 4 © “Yn a:
Bn i Aa cae |i
8. 6 5%)? ae UF
ooh {hq ep R
Nas Pa | -
=> | 7 |
a EXHIBIT
.. Metropolitan Ni ;
mas FUEL TRANFER STATION - GROUND LEASE y | ropolitan Nathville Alrport Authority
ie Nedra iteational Arpxt
Nostra, Tenreese
