/f-
A'V/o3
N A S H V I L L E
Document# 
License Date
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF
NASHVILLE AND DAXTRSON GOUNTY, TENNESSEE
ACTING BY AND THROUGH THE AUTHORITY DELEGATED TO
THE FAIRGROUNDS
BY THE METROPOLITAN BOARD OF FAIR COMMISSIONS
THE FAIRGROUNDS LICENSE AGREEMENT
By and Between the Metropolitan Board Of Fair Commissioners ("Licensor") and Chri.«rfmas Viilapft Tnr.
("Licensee") to Wit: The Licensor agrees to furnish the Licensee the use of the following premises:
Creative Arts . Annex. Exhibitors. Banquet Hall. Agriciilhire and Vaughn 
.. 
. 
.
building(s) as is^ with its present lighting, and if available, toilet facilitiesj water, heat, and office space for
only the jpurpose of
Christmas ViljageNoveitiher8-11. 2018 
i . 
! 
- 
;■ 
,
1. Definitions;
"Concessionaire" means D&D Events, the contracted concessionairie/caterer of The
! Fairgrounds. .
b. "Licensor" means the Metroiwlitan Government ofNashville and David;ron County acting
c. 
■ 'Licensee" or "Promoted' rneans tiie entity or petsOn(s) who possesses the tights covered
herein as granted by the Licensor.
d. "Execidve Directpf' or "Director" means the Executive Director of The Fairgrounds. The
ExMutive Director shallihaye foil respdhsibility for the operation of The Fair^unds and
shall act for and on behalf of Metropolitan Gpvetnihent of Nashville and Davidson County
and the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners in the management of The
Fairgrounds.
. ijio^Ho.1) 
Page.lofl4-
ARCHIVE


& "The Faixgrounds" or "Premises" describes the 117 acre property, bordered by Nolensville
Pike, Craigjiead Street, and Bransford Avenue arid Wedgewood Avenue owned by the
Board of Fair Commissioners. The term "The Fairground" may also be used in reference to
"the Licensor" as identified in section 1. a.
f. "Fairgrounds OflSce" or 'Tairgrounds Stafi" means the Executive Director, Secretary, or
2. Term.
a. This license agreement becomes effective upon execution by all parties for use of the
pretnises beginning 11/06/18 and ending 11/12/18 .
b. Move-In Date: 11 /06/18 and Time: 8am
c. Move-Out Date: 11/12/1S 
and Time Midnight I
d. Event start date: 11/08/18 and Timp; TRD
e. Event end date: 11/11/18 and Time TRD
f. The dates and timra set forth above shall control in the event of any conflict with any other
move-in and move-out provisions set forth in this Agreement
3. Rent and Rates.
a. Rent: The Licensee agrees to pay the Licensor the sum of $ 
39.888.00 
plus taxes,
equipment and misc. rentals for Ae use ofthe premises.
b. General Deposits: One-Half ('A) of the total amount due is required as a non-refundable
deposit upon signing this license agreement and both the agreement & 
deposit must be
tendered within 10 business days after flie License Date. A baflk:casiiief?s-cheek for tiie
remaimngibalanceis-dufebefdreMove^Tni
t Clean Up- Fee Deposits. There is a refundable $1000.00 clean-up fee and damage deposit for
all events held in The Fmrgrounds Speedway and Grandstands, Fair Park and Brown's Creek
Lot There is a refundable $500.00 clean-up and damage deposit per building rented. After
inspection, if no clean-up is required and there are rio damages to the premises, tlie deposit
referenced in this subsection shall be returned.
d. Move-In and Move-Out: The Licensor will allow the Licensee a 14 day Move-In (hereinafter
"Move-In day") beginning at rioon on the day before the first day of the temi ofthis License as
listed in Section 2.a. arid 2.b. of this agreement It is underwood by the Licensee that no other
use of the premises other than set-up will be perinitted on Move-In days. The Licensee agrees
to pay to the Licensor "additional rent" equal to 14 day rental (hereinafter "Additional
Rent") if the Licensee mpves in before noon on move in day^ or if the T.ifgn'gee sells,
traded opens to the public, displays, or swaps on Move-In day. Additional rent is also due
for each 14 day that the Licensee occupies the premises over and above the Move-In day, the
term of this License, or each_14 day the Licensee occupies the premises beyond midnight the last
day of the term Of this License. (See Section 12 on Vacation and Surrender of Premises). All
rents shall be in the form of a bank cashiei^s check.
4. Ruilding layout The Licensee miist submit a complete building diagram set up to The Fairgrounds
Office Staff at least 10 busing days prior to the event in order to receive Metro Fire Marshal
^prbvial. Failure to comply with this reiquirement ihay result in closure of the show or delayed opening
(N00681.I0.I) . : 
. 
Page:2ofl4
ARCHIVE


of the event The Licensee will assume full responsibili^ fpr obtaining 
Fiie Marshal approval on
diagirams not received in Faiigrbuiids office 10 busine^ days prior to the event A praidty will be
assessed of S50 per day until the approved chagram is r^vied * There shall he NO ET,EfTRICAL
CORDS on tihe ground where flie public wallta ner Metro Codes Dent
5. Inspection of Facilities. Hie Faiigrounds will perform a building and grounds walk-throu^
inspection widi die Licensee to review the condition of the facilities, prior to turning the facilities
ov^ for tiie Licoisee's eVeiit Any pre-existing daniage shall be noted and signed 1^ botii die:
Licoisee and the Licoisor. If qiprx^ate, photogrq^ may also be taken. A post event walk
through shall also be conducted by The Fairgrounds. The licensee is fiee to p^cipate hi ^d
walk-throu^
6. Pidtection of The Fairgrounds* Propertv. The licensee agrees to return to its foniier condition
that part ofthe premises used by the Licensee and to remove all equipment such as floors, booths,
platforms, and vriring erected fay the Licensiee. The Licensee further agrees to pay the cost of any
and all installatioris made, and is accountable for all tables, chairs, and miscellaneous items rented.
7- Financial Responsibilitv for total Repair and C!ean-up Costs.
a Licensee shall be financially responsible for all clean-iq) and/or damages to The
Fairgrounds and damage to or loss of any ofthe property or eqitipment of Hie Faiigitpunds
that exceed the deposit amounts) refeenced in subsection (3Xc); and/or injury to any
p^son resulting fiom the activities or use of The Fairgrounds by the Licensee or
Licensee's representatives, employees, agents, vaiddrsi (contractors, membas, suppliers
and attendees.
b. The Licensee shall be financially responsible for the costs of repairing any dama^ done to
foirgrounds buildings, roads, grass lots, fencing or other property catised by Licensee or
their rqiresentatives, ernployees, agcn^ vendors, contractors, members, siqipliers and
attendees.
c. The usage oft^ or adhesivesrestrlts in chipped and damaged paint on the prentises and,
ther^ore, pcither tape nor similar adhesive shall be placed on waRQ nr rinnra Costs to
rq^tsqie and adhesive darnage to walls and doors mil be chari^ to tiie Licoisee. Use of
confetti is prohibited.
d. If tiiere is damage to t^ 
due to, but riot limited fo, 
the rnovement of large equipment,
garbage dumpsters, stages, crowds, or other vehicles and equipmait, site restoration must
include, but is not limited to, leveling^: aerification, oveiseeeding, and fertilization.
Restoration plan must be approved by The Fairgrounds prior to beginning any worlc.
& Hie Faiigrounds will not accept the assignment of insurance benefits for such repairs. Iri
tiie event ofdamaj^ the Liceii^ shall be given photbgii^hsofthedama^Frop^ and
a bill for the cost of the r^iairs. Licensee will then have 14 busiiieiss days fiom the date tiiat
fire repair chari^ are pre^nted to flie Licensee to render their payment in full to flie
Licensee. If legal action is required to rollect the rqnir costs fipm the 
the
The provisions of this Section 7 said; Section 33. herein below shall; riot ^ly to -the
contributory extent ofthe ne^gence or wrongful acts of Licensor or its agents, employees
orreiMesentatives.;
tNoo6»i4o.u 
Page 3 of 14
ARCHIVE


& TnsMnmca
a. The licensee agt^ to ilirmsh broad forth comprehensive general Uabiiify insnrahce in
toe aihoiiht .of $1,000,000.00 and property damiage coverage in toe amount of
$25,000.00.
b. Automobile liability is requiied in toe amount of .1,000,000 Of toe contractor will be
making deliveries on site or loadin^unloading on she).
c. Licensee shall maintain workers' compensation insurance wito statutoiy limits required
by toe State of Tennessee or otoer ^plicable laws and Employer's Liability Insi^ce
with limits of ho less toan 100,000 dollars, as reqiured by toe laws of t^ess^ (hot
required for companiK with fewer than 5 einployees).
d. The policy is to be wiitten to as to ntoiie as "additional ihsnred" and protect
Mebopolitan Government of Nashville and E)avidson County, toe Board of Fair
Commission^ it ofiSce^ agents, servants, employees, and toe Executive Pirector fipm
1(^ or liability and is to be deliveied to tiie ofBce of toe Executive Director prior to taldng
possession of toe premises by toe Licensee.
e. Furtoer, toe Licensee shall indemnify, exonerate, insure, and hold harmless toe Licensor
fiom any and all claims tor damages, losses, or injuries, resulting from, ^ing out o^ or in
any way cormected whh, torectly or indirectly, toe use of toe prenuses, whether said
claims be made by employees, agents, or servants of toe parties hereto or by tiiitd parties,
accept such damages, losses or injuries, as may result solely fiom negligence by toe
Licensor. Licensee lurtoer agrees to defend Licensor in any legal proceedings or to pay
Licensor its reasonable attorney fees for defending itselfagainst any such claim.
£ The poliity shaD b^m coverage at Move-In time and be carried tiirou^ Move-Out
time.
Secnritv. The Licensee agrees to fiimish a Security Plan to The Fairgrounds at least 30 days fnior
to toe event and include sufficient security officers and/or police officas to maintain law arid ord^.
Certain eyerits may be required to have a nuriithum numbo* of Metro Police Officers to be paid tor
by toe Licoisee for traffic control.
9. Vacation of Premises and SniTOida'.
a. All wents held Outside toe biuldings on Monday-Thursday & 
Sunday nights must end no
later than 10 p.m. All events held outside on Friday & 
Saturday nights miist end no later
thanllp.th. All events held inside toe biuldings must end no later tiian 11 KX)pirL GST.
Licensee will be charged a penalty not less tiihn 25% of toe rental cost per additional hour
fee/per building or facility if toe event end times are not adhered to or toe facilities are not
vacated ofall persons bv toe time specified in section 2.
b. If License toils to surrender toe premises to The Fairgrounds at tiie expiration of toe term
tor use stated herein, then The Fairgrounds may remove fiom toe premises all effects
remmning toaein and store the same vtoeiever it sees fit at Licensee's cost, expense, and
risk. The Fairgrounds shall not be liable to Licensee tor retiioving and storing such effects.
For such additional periods as any effects ofLicensee rerrpn at The Fairgrounds, Licensee
shall ^y The Fairgrounds double toe rate for toe space. In addition, Licahsee shatt be
liable to The Fairgrounds for any claim or damages^ suffered by The Fairgrounds rraulting
fiom Licetisee's toilure to surrender toe premises to The Frutgrounds in as good contotion
as Licaisee received tire same., ;
10. Gancdlation. No event cancellations vill be accepted by The Fairgrounds except as provided in
Sections 12 and 45 of this license. Licensee sl^l bes responsible for 100% of toe rait on all
INooMMo.!) 
Page4ofl4
ARCHIVE


licensed premises regardless of actual use or pcciq)an(^. This license shall not be signed for a term
m excess ofone year fiom the contract date, i
11. Tehnination. Should Licensee ^ 
to fulfill in a timdy and proper manner its obligations under
this licaise or if it should violate any terms of this license^ the Licensor shall have the ri^ to
unmediately tsminate the license. Such termination sh^l not relieve Licensee of any h'abili^ to
the Licensor for damages sustained by virtue of any breach 
Licensee. Should funding for fois
contract be discontinued, the Licensor shall have foe ri^ to tmninate this license immediately
iq»n written notice to Licensee. The Licensor may tominate this license at any time upon thirty
(30) days written notice to Licensee.
12. Default by licensee. Licensee shall be iii default ofthis agreeiheht: 1) if it iai|s to pay any amounts
due under fois License, 2) if it breaches any prowsion ofthis License or of any ndes arid regulations
promulgated by The Fairgrounds, 3) if it violates any a{^licable federal, state, or load laws during
its use of foe premi^, or 4) if it should dissolve or cease doing busine^ b^me insolvent or
banicnqit Upon default by Licensee, The Fairgrounds may in its sole disaetion:
a. Tsminate the contract immediately, and declare foe entire License foe for foe balance of
foe torn due and payable.
Ix Reenter and relet foe property or any part thereof or operate foe same, for the balance of
the Term, receive rents thoe fiom and qrply foem first to erqioisesi of maldtig necessary
repfos to foe premises, attorney's foes, and ^ 
ofoer reasonable expenses ofFairgrounds in
reenteiing foe premises and reletting foe premises, and second, to foe payment of foe
license foe hoeunda*.
c. Tominate this license by giving Licensee written notice of termination, which shall not
excuse breaches ofthis License, having already occurred. Upon termination, foe relation
- of the parties shall be the same as if the tom had fidly erqrired and foe smd Fairgrounds
rrity reenter foe premises and remove aU persons foere fiom and resort to any legal
proceedings to obtain possession and Licen^ shall, iidtwithstanding sitch reentry, pay the
fiill amount of said rental as herein agreed to be ptdd tog^er with any ofoer costs,
ejqjetises, or damages incurred by The Fairgrounds as result ofbreach of 
tiiis Agreemait
d. Pinsue any ofoer rerriedies available to foe Licensor eifoer at law or eqiuty. Licensor shall
be under no obligation to relet foe Prmises.
13. DrfauH by The FairCTounds. The Fairgrounds shall be in default of this License if it fails to
provide foe Premises at foe time required by tiijs License. In foe event of default by The
Fairgrounds tire lie^lity of The Fairgrounds shall be limited to tiie return to foe Licoi^ of foe
unearned rent paid to The Fairgrounds under this License.
14. Maintenance of Records. Licensee shjall rnmntairi documentation for all charges against fire
Metropolitan Government ofNashville and Davidson County. The books, records, and documoits
of Licensee, insofar as they relate to work performed or money received uiider flie licaise
agreement, shall be maintained for a period of three (3) full years finm foe Hate of final payment
and will be subject to audit, at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by foe Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County or its didy rqrpointed representatives. The records
shall be rhairitdnediri aixordance with generally accepted accounting pnnciples.
1& Mddification of Contract This contract may be modified only by written amendment executed
by all parties and foeir signatories hereto.
Ifi- PartnerShln/Jolnt Venture. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to create a
paifoe^hip or Jbint yaiture b^een foe parties or to create the relationship of princnpal and
(n6o«8I4o.i) ; 
Page s of 14
ARCHIVE


between or among any of the parties. None of the parties hereto shall hold itself out in a manner
contraiy to the terms of this paragraph. No party shall become liable for any representation, act or
omission of any other party contraiy to the terms of this paragraph.
17. Ukc Shows. Significantly Similar Shows: It is the desire of The Fmrgrounds to have a
complimentary mix of entertainment events for the mutual benefit of the public and the promoters.
Events that are of a significantly similar nature may affect attendance and/or app^ to the
public. Therefore. The Fairgrounds reserves the right to reauire a reasonable period nf timp
bet>veen scheduling events that are significantly similar in nature.
18. Concessions. The Fairgrounds reserves for itself, its agents, contractors, or concessionaires the
sole right to the following sales and services: sales and serving of all food, beverages (alcoholic
& 
non-alcoholic). Sales and serving of all food and beverages (alcoholic and non-alcoholic) must
utilize the, Concessionaire as contracted by the Metropolitan Government. The Fairgrounds will
initiate and facilitate contact between the Licensee and Concessionaire for event planning
purposes. If the Concessionaire is unable or unwilling to provide service based on reasonable
request as determined by The Fairgrounds, an alternative vendor, properly licensed by the TABC
and/or permitted Metro Beer Permit Board may be engaged upon written authorization by The
Fairgrounds to the Licensee.
y/a. Licensee 
will 
need 
Beer/Alcoholic 
Beverages served 
at 
the
event: Yes •, / No
b. By entering into this License Agreement, Licensee hereby represents and warrants that it
will neither furnish beer/alcoholic beverages to the public, guests, and/or invitees nor
allow such to be brought onto the property except as provided in SectionlS. a. above.
c. NO BOOTHS or EXHIBITS are allowed to be within 10 ft. of any the concession
stand.
19. Utilities. The Fairgrounds will provide (if available inside buildings) customaiy lighting, heating,
air conditioning, and water at no additional cost to the Licensee. There shall be a charge for using
electric wall outlets for use inside buildings. Authorized use of outdoor utilities shall be priced in
advanced and noted in an addendum to this agreement
20. Portable Restrooms. The Licensee is responsible for providing sufficient portable restrooms and
hand washing stations or sanitizing stations to accommodate the size of the event One portable
restroom for every 100 people is required for all special events that do not provide beverages and
one portable restroom for every 50 people is required for special events providing beverages.
Handwashing or sanitiring stations are required for every 150 people. Portable restrooms must be
provided by event organizer if estimated attendance exceeds the capacity of available restroom
fticilities within the footprint of the event
21. Parking Fe^. The Fairgrounds reserves the right to charge a parking fee for all events held at The
Fairgrounds..
22. Licenses and Taxes. Licensee shall obtain at its own e.xpense all licenses and permits required by
law, and Licensee shall pay all taxes, fees, and charges required by any governmental authority in
connection with its use ofthe premises.
23. Lien. The Licerisee hereby grants to The Fairgrounds a first lien on all property of the Licensee,
whether from ticket sales or any other source, to secure the payment of rent, taxes, charges or
damages herein covenanted to be paid by the Licensee, for the purpose of securing the performance
of any and all covenants, conditions, or obligations arising under this License. In the event of
iNoo68uo,i) 
Page 6 of 14
ARCHIVE


de&ult The Fdi^unds may take possession of ai^ and all of said property including box office
receipts and hold the ^me until such defiiult has been remedied, aiid if not remedied or satisfied
within teii (10) days of such de&ult The Faiiigrbunds may advertise said property or properties for
sale lahd iqxm siich sale qiply foe proce^ to foe safisfoction of any amounts due The Fairgrounds
and shall pay to the Licensee any sums remaining. This remefor is not exclusive, and The
Fairgrounds may at its discr^on pursue any appropriate remedy to recover all or any deficits
remaining on foe above mentioned rents, char^ and other sums.
24. Control The Fairgrounds reserves the ri^ tfarou^out the Term to control foe operation and
riianagerrierrt offoe premises. The Fairgrounds ^ecutive I^rector and staff have the right to enter
foe pr^'ses at any time for any purpose, including removal of any person who, in the sole
jud^sit, of foe Executive EMrector or designated a^stants, is disrupting or* obstructing foe proper
operation and foanagement oftiie prerhises.
25. Use of Premises. The Executive Director and staff may irse any part of the prerhises during Move-
In, dirring MoveOul and at any time Licensee is not actively using tire particular part of foe
premises, so long as foe Executive I^rector's usedoes not interfere wifo foe Licensee's use.
26. Hazardorts Property. Licensee shall not bring upon foe premises any exhibit, ^uipment or
vehicles wtuch, in foe sole reasonable judgment of foe Executive Director, would be or miglit be
dangerous to persons or property or ofoerwise incomp^'ble with the stmcture, qrstems, and
furnishings of foe premises.
27. Convriffhts. Rovaltieg. .and TVademarks. Licaisee warrants that ho music, literary or artistic
work or other property protected by copyri^ted will be performed, reproduced or used, nor wll
foe name of any mtity protected by trademark be r^toduced or iised during Licensee's use of foe
preniises imless Licensee has obtained written permission from foe trademark or copyrig^it holder.
Licensee covenants to comply stiictiy with all laws respecting copyright, royalties, and trademarks
and warrants that it will not infiinge any related statutory, common law, or foe ri^t of any poson
during its use of foe premises. Licensee vtill indemtufy and hold The Faitgioimds and its officers^
agents, and employees harmless fiom all claims^ losses and darhages (including court costs and
attomey fees) \^ifo respect to such copyri^it, royalty, or tradfonark rights.
2& Abandoned Pronertv. Any prppe:^ remaining on foe premises or any property stored by The
Fairgrounds, which has not b^ 
claimed by Licerisee whlun fra (10) days after foe erqriration of
foe term, shall be deemed abandoned ly Licsisee. At the The Fairgrounds' option. The
Fmrgrounds may: 1) take possession of it and treat it as its own property and utilize h; or destroy it
or ofoerwise dispose of it, or 2) 
store it at foe Licensee's sole cosl expense, and risk. The License
haeby waives my right to claim foe value thereof or damages foerefore. The Licensee shall be
liable to The FatrgtoundS for: 1) foe cost inciirr^ by The Fairgrounds in disposing Of or destroying
the abaridoned propaty and, 2) the cost of storing it if The Fatgtounds elects to store it for tire
Licensee.
29. Waiver. No waiver bv eitha party of any defeirlt shall operate as a waiva of any otha defeult, or
foe same defeult on a future occasioa No del^ or omission by eitha party in exercising any ri^
or ranedy shall operate as a waiva thereof^ and no single or partial exercise of a ri^t or remedy
(N(K)68i49.i| 
Page7ofl4
ARCHIVE


3(X lioen^'s Assiimbtion of Rie^iisibilitv. i Licensee expressly ^umes fiill responsibiliQribr all
persons connected whh Licensee's use of the premises, includiiig all its employees, ag^its,
m^bers, 
ih\dtees, and lichees.
31. Indemnification and Hold Harmless. 
The Licensee agrees to indemnify, exonerate, insure,
defend, and save harmless the Metropolitan Board of 
Conunissionos and any enqiloyee,
a^nt, or servant of The Fmrgrounds or the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson
Counfy of losses, or injuries, resulting font, growing out 0^ or in any way connected with, directly,
or indirectly, the use of the piemi^ wdteflier said claims arise out oC including, without
limitation^ the acts and/or omissions of its ethployees, a^ts, indqrendent contractors, or tiiird
parties. To the extent of the proceeds received by the Metropolitan Board of Fair Cottunissioners
and the Metropolitan Governnient under ahy insurance furnished fer the benefit of die Metropolitan
Bdard of Fair Comiiussioners 
Lic^ise^ the obligation to indemiufy and save harmless the
Metropolitan Board of Fair Grmmissioners and the Metropolitan Government against the subject
ma^ of said insurance shall be deemed to be satisfied pro tan to. This Section 33 is subject to
Section 7(e) h^in above.
32: Rdease of Uabilitv. The parties agree tiiat the individual membos of the Metioixrlitan Board of
F^ Commissipners and any employee, agent, or savant of The Fairgrounds or Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and I^wdspn County assume no personal responsibility fpr tiie maldng
of this License. The parties fiirtiier release alt individual members of fee Metropolitan Board of
Fair Coirmussioneis, and any employee, agent, or savant of The Fairgrounds or Metropolitan
Govonment of Nashville and Davidson County, from any personal liability growing out of or
concotiing fee making ofthis License,
33. Time of Es^ce. Time is of fee essence of this Licen^ If fee deposit and signed license
agreemoit is npt received mtirln 10 bu^ess days of tire contract date. Licensor reserves fee
ri^ to cancel fee event and temunate tiiis license and/or licoise fee building(s) fiir use Ify anofea
party.
34 Contingent Fees. Licensee agrees that Licensee has not been retted or retruned ariy persons to
solicit or secure a Metro contract upon an agreement or tmdetstanding for a conting^ commission,
percentage, or brokerage fee, except for retention of bona fide employees or bona fide established
(tommercial selling agencies for fee purpose of during business. Breach offee provisions of tius
paragr^h is, hi addition to a breach of this contract a breach of fee ethical standards wtuch may
result in ciwl or criminal sanctions and/or debarment or suspension from being a licensee under
:
 
Metro contracts.
: 35. Emplovment Licoisee affirms that it does not subscribe to any persoimel policy that permits or
allows fi)r fee promotion, demotion, dismissal^ or laying off of any inditddual due to race, creed,
color, national oti^ a^ sex, of handicapping oonditioh. No person shall be exclud^ fiom
participation ir^ be denied tenefits of, be discriminated ageinst jti fee admission or access to, 
or be
discriminated against in treatment or employmoit in fee Metropolitan Government of NashviUe
and Davidson County's contracted programs or activities, on fee grounds of handicrq) arid/or
disability, ^e, race, color, religion; sex, national origui, or any ofeef classification protected by
federal or Tentiessee State Constitutioiial or st^utoiy law; : nor shall feey be excluded from
participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to disoimination in tiie
peifonnance ofcontracts wife fee Metropolitan Government ofNashville and Davidson County or
in fee enqiloyment; practices of Metro's Licensees. Accordingly, all Licensees oiteimg into
agreemoits wife Licensor shall, upon request, be requited to show proof of such nondiscrimination
(NooMuai) 
Page8ofl4
ARCHIVE


and to post in con^icuous places that are available to all employees and aj^licants, notices of
nondiscrimination.
36. Ethical Standards It shall be a breach ofediical^dards for any person to ofira', give or agree to
0ve my employiee or foiinar enqiloyee, or for any employee or former employee to solicit,
demand, accept or agree to accqit ^m 
anodi^ person, a jgratuity or an offer of employment in
connection with any decision, ^roval, disapprove recommendation, preparation of any part of a
program requirement or a purchase request, influendng the content of any specification or
procurement standard, rmdeiing of advice, investigation, auditing or in any otho* advisory capacity
in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, d^raminalion, claim or controversy or ofiier
particular matter, pertmning to any jnogram requirement of a contract or subcontract or to any
solidt^on or iroppsal therefore. Breach of tiie ppyisions of this paragraph is, in iaddition to a
beach of this brntract, a breach of ethical standards which may result in civil or criniinal sanction
and/or debarment or suspension fiom being a contractor under the Mettopolitm Govemmbit of
Nashville and Davidson County contracts.
37. Assignment Consent Required. The provision of tins License shall inure to the benefit of and be
binding uiran the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Neither tiiis license nor any
oftiie ri^ts and obligations oftiie Licensee hereunder s^l be assigned or transfeired in whole or in part
to any person, firm, or corporation without the prior written consbit ofthe Licensor, wdiidi consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld. Any such assignment or transfer shall not relieve licensee fiom
obligations hereunder. Any proved assignee shall assume each and every obligation of Licoisee
hereunder, and Licensor may contract with or accept monies fiom any such assignees without waiving
any ofits rights hereunder.
38L Gompliance.with Laws. Licensee agrees that every person connected with Licbisee's occupancy
and uSe of prertiises covered by this licen^ agreement shall abide by, conform to, and coniply witii
all laws of tiie Uriited States and the State of Terinessee, and all of the onfinances of the
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davddson County, togetiio* witii the rules, regulations,
and policies of Licensor for the govemmoit and management of said premises. licensee agrggs to
follow all resolutions and policies of the Board of Fair Commissinners in niace at the time nf
the event Licensee wall not do, or suffer to be done, anything on said premises during tiie term of
this License Agreement in violation of any such laws, ordinances, rules, or regulations, and if the
attrition of tile Licensor is called to such violation on the part of the Licoisee or any person
employed or adinitted to the premises by said Licensee, said Licensee will immediately
desist irom and correct such viblatioa
39. bran Divestment Act In accordarice witii the Iran Divestment Act, Tennessee Code Annotated
§12-12-101 et seq.. Licensee certifies tiiat to tiie best of its knowledge and belief neither; Licensee
nor any of its subrontractors are on the list created pursuant to Tennessee Code Annotated §12-12-
106. Misrepresentation may result in civil and criininal sanctions, including contract tominatirai,
debarment, or suspension from being a Licensee; Contractor, or subcontractor under Mbro
contracts. 
. 
.
40. Governing Law. Hie laws of the State of Tennessee shall control the validity, construction and
41. Gratuities and IGckbacks. It shall be a breadi ofetiiical standards for any person to offer, ^ve or
agree to give any employee or former employee to solicit, demand, accqit or agree to accept fiom
anotha- person,: a gratuity or an offer of employment in connection wifli any decision, approval,
dis^iproval, recommendation, preparation of any part of a program requirement or a pufrham
iNDoe8i4o.i| 
Page 9 of 14
ARCHIVE


request; influencing the content of any specification or procurement standard, i«idering.of achdce,
investigadon, auditing or in any other advisoiy C^>aciQr in any proceeding or qiplication, request
fi)f ruling, determination, claim or controvert or other particular matter, concerning any program
requirem^ of a contract, or sub-contract or to any solicitation or proposal hereof. It shall be a
far^h of ediical standards to make any payment, gratuit> or offer ofemployment, by or for a sub
contractor under a contract to the prime contractor or hi^ra* tier suborntracter or any poson
assodated dierewidi, as an inducemrait for the award of a subcontract or order.
42. Force Maieure. Ifthe premises or any part ofThe Fairgrounds is destroyed or dama^ by fire or
my odier cause, or if any odier casudty or unforeseen ocoirrmce renders the fulfillment of this
Licmse by The Fairgrounds impossibly the Licaisee shall be liable for rent vriilch has mcrued
only at the titne of termin^ph, provided, howevd, if such itriposribilhy of poformance shall be
due to the act Oromissior^ ofLipaisee, its agents, employe^ membos, licensees, or invitees, then
the Licensee shall be liable for the mdre rent chte;^ hereunder as well as all accrued char^ in
addidon to such odier dama^ as may result fiom such acts or omissions. Licensee hereby waives
any claim for damages or compensadon fiom The Fairgrounds on account of such terminadon.
43. Severabilitv. Should any court of competent jurisdiction declare ar^ provision of this License
invalid, then, such pixndsion shall be sev^ed and shall not affect the valicfity of the remaining
prowsions ofthis Licmse.
44 Entire Agreement This License constitutes the mtire agreement between the parties and
superseded all previous understandings. This License m^ not be modified except by written
consent of the parties hermr.
45. logos and Trademarks. The Fairgrounds in its sole discretion may require prominent pinftftmpnt
of its logo on any and all promotional materials, whetiier print or digi^, related to your special
event The unauthorized use of "The Fairgrounds" trademarks and lo^s is strictly prohibited.
46. Signaee. All signa^ must be in accordance witii The Fairground signagepolides as ^iproved by
the Board of Fair- Commissioners. Any and all signage inconsistmt with die ^rov^ polity is
prohilnted. All signage niust be approved prior to installation and must be removed witiiin one (1)
hour of 
the close of 
the event
47. Shipping. The Fairgrounds will not be responsible fiir the acceptance and/or storage of any
shipments relating to the event
48. Bit»wn*s Creek. Licensor shall conduct no activities r^ulting in di^diai;^ to or harmfid inipflrf to
Brown's Creek. The Metropolitan Stoimwater Dqiailment is autiiorized to inspect property and
require the di^ntinuance of any activities tiiat could result in haimful or hazardous impact to
Brown's Creek or activities found to be harmfiil to public health safety and welfere generally as it
relates to Brown's Creek or stormwater run-off.
49. Residua! Matters. Any matters, not erqrressly covered by tills License or by ^licable rul» and
regulations adopted by The Fairgrounds shall be determined by tiie Executive [Rector's sole
discretiorL
50. j^AiU^ Exhibits A, B, and Care attached to this license agreement and incorporated herein.
51. Notices and Designatfnn nf Agent for Service of IVneess-
: (N(io6«i4o.i| 
: 
PageiOofl4
ARCHIVE


a. Notice ofto the Licensor concerning this license shall be delivered to:
The Fairgronnids Nashville Shinning tw FED-X .UPS A nm.;
P.O. Box40208 
624 Smith Ave.
Nashville, TN 37204 
Nashville, Tn.
Hione: (615) 862-8994 
37203
Fax:(615)862-8992 
Ifcpiestions call 615-862-8980
* We will ONLY accept die wedc of event
b. Notices to Licensee shall be delivered to:
License: Christmas Village Inc.
Attfn: KendraMehyk
Address: PO Box ! 
58826. Nashville.TN 37215
c. Licensee h^by designates the following as tiie Licensee's agent for service of process
and will waive any objection to service ofprocess if process is served upon tills agent
Designated Agent: Christmas "Village Inc.
Atth: KaidraMelnvk
Address: POBox 158826. NashviUeJN 37215
52. Additional Provisions!
Item 20 on tiiis contract labled "Portable RestroOms" will not apply to tins evKit. tiierefore the
tiromQtsrisnotreSPOnsibletDDrovideanvportablerestroomsfortiieentiretvnfthisevent
Liquor wnll only be served via on site concessioner. D&D Events on Datpg Whvpmher 9-11.2018
(This Space Is intentionaUy Left Blaiik)
lNoo68i4o.il 
PagelIofl4
ARCHIVE


53. EFFECTIVE DATE. Ibis License shall not be binding 
the parties until it has been s^ed first
b^ the Licensee and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government When it
has been so s^ned, this license shall be efiective as of the date first vnitten above.
{N0068MO.IJ 
Page 12 of 14
ARCHIVE


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, die paities have executed dieit siguatuies as of die date fiist above
wtitten.
LICENSOR!
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY,
TENNESSEE BY AND THROUGH
THE)BOARI^0F FAIR COMMISSIONERS
_
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY
OF FUNDS:
LiCENSEEt
Talia Loihax-O'dn^
Director of Finance
1^- $:
APPROVED AS TO INSURANCE
REQUIREMENiTS:
Direct^Tidf Insurance
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND
LEG/
Sworn to and ^bscrib^ to before me,
a Notaiy Public, this 
day of
CjlAn-e^ . 
2018. bv
V\^jrAro<. 
.the
"^mrcL
of Licensee and
duly authori^ to execute this instrument on
behalf of fflristmas Village Inc.
"JCENSEE)
^
Notary Public
My Commission Eiqiires,
Metropolitan Attorney
Filed with the Metropolitan Clerk:_ (V - . 
20 l^.
Metropolitan Clerk
STATE
NOTARY
PUBLIC
(N0068I40.I)
Page 13 of 14
ARCHIVE


"•* 
.. 5 . ,
N
 I 
. { 
i
f^ECElVED
OCT 0 2 2018
director of FINAHCE
ARCHIVE


EXHIBIT A .
To make a request for accessible accommodations please contact Scott Wallace at 615-862-8980.
Building Rental Rates as of November 1,2017
Building
Days 
Per Day 
Per Day
Amount
Agriculture
4
$1,989.00
$ 7,956.00
Annex
4
$612.00
$ 2,448.00
Arcade
$400.00
$
Banquet Hall
4
$1,352.00
$ 5,408.00
Creative Arts
4
$2,372.00
$ 9,488.00
Exhibitor's
4
$1,734.00
S 6,936.00
3 Full Lots
$8,000.00
$
Sheds
$750.00
$
Speedway & 
3 Lots
$15,000.00
$
Show Arena
$750.00
$
Sports Arena
$1,428.00
$
Vaughn
4
$1,913.00
^ 7.652.00
Wilson Hall
$1,020.00
$
* Plus Sales Tax 9.25% when applicable
* Total Due
® 39,888.00
^ 
No booths are allowed in the building breezewavs.
vendors ONLY and this is not part of the contracted
This space is for D&D food/beverage
space listed above.
There will be a minimum clean-up fee of S500.00 per building if the building & 
restrooms
are not left in the condition in Which they were received, puring the eyeiit, ail trash must be
taken to.
the back dumpster^^ The Fairgrounds Will supply as many
trash cans & 
liners as needed. At the end of the event; ALL trash MUST be left at the
roilup dipOjr(S)' for piekap; The Promoter is resjponsible for keeping the restrooms clean as
well as restocking the paper towel & 
toilet paper receptacles as needed. Staff will provide
the receptacle keys.
{Npp68140.t}
P^c 14 of 14
ARCHIVE


EXHIBIT B
Equipment Rental Rates as of January 1,2015
To receive Advance rates, the order most be placed five fSl business davs prior to show move in. All
pricing is per each unless otherwise noted. Anv order placed after that time will be charged floor rates.
Equipment
Advance
Floor
110 Electric Outlet Drop
$40
$45
220 Electric Outlet Drop
$75
$105
Plug into Electric Wall Outlet
$15
$20
Barricades (8 it. section)
$25
$30
Metal Bleacheis (seats 45 adults)
$150
$200
Metal Bleachers (seats 90 adults)
$300
$350
Metal Folding Chairs
$2.00
$2.50
Banquet Chairs (padded)
$2.75
$3.50
LoadingCart
$25
Sanie
PA System- w/corded Mic.
$50
$60
PA System- wireless Mic.
$90
$110
Pipe & 
Drape (booth size 10x10)
$30 panel
$40 booth
$40 panel
$50 booth
Podium
$30
$35
Staging (per 3'x 8'x 24" section)
$30
$40
Tables-Rectangle (6' or 8')
$10
$12
Table^Rectangle Clothed/Skirted
$30
$45
Tables-Round *with cloth add $5*
$20
$30
Ticket Drum
$20
$25
Ticket Booth
$150
$200
Cones
$5
$7.50
Hang Your Signs (2 FREE)
$25
$35
Stretch Rods
$10
$12
Miscellaneous Services
Copies
$0.50 
per page
Laminate p^er
$3.00 
per page
Fax - Local call
$1.50 
perpage
Fax - Long distance
$2.50 
per page
: Front End Loader- **3 hr. min.**
$65 per hour
$90 per hour
Forklift- ♦*3 hr. min.**
$65 per hour
$90 per hour
ALL PRICES ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE
IN0068l40.il
Page 15 of 14
ARCHIVE


A.CORD
CERTIFICATE OF LIABILITY INSURANCE
DATE (MM/DDATYY)
THIS CERTIFICATE IS ISSUED AS A MATTER OF INFORMATION ONLY AND CONFERS NO RIGHTS UPON THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER. THIS
CERTIFICATE DOES NOT AFFIRMATIVELY OR NEGATIVELY AMEND, EXTEND OR ALTER THE COVERAGE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES
BELOW. THIS CERTIFICATE OF INSURANCE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A CONTRACT BETWEEN THE ISSUING INSURER(S), AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OR PRODUCER, AND THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER.
IMPORTANT: If the certificate holder is an ADDITIONAL INSURED, the policy(les) must have ADDITIONAL INSURED provisions or be endorsed.
If SUBROGATION IS WAIVED, subject to the terms and conditions of the poiicy, certain poiicles may require an endorsement. A statement on
this certificate does not confer rights to the certificate holder in lieu of such endorsement(s).
PRODUCER
Frank E. Neal & Co., Inc.
P.O. Box 40507
193-B Polk Avenue (37210)
Nashville 
TN 37204
CONTACT
NAME;
rAl?^N^„F.,v (615)383-8874 
(815)383-8939
a'ddress- LTomberlain@feneal.com
INSURER(S) AFFORDING COVERAGE
NAIC#
INSURER A • 
Burlington Insurance Company
23820
INSURED
Christmas Village
P.O. Box 158826
Nashville 
TN 37215
INSURER B :
INSURER C :
INSURER D :
INSURER E:
INSURER F :
COVERAGES 
CERTIFICATE NUMBER: 11/7-19/2018 
REVISION NUMBER:
THIS IS TO CERTIFY THAT THE POLICIES OF INSURANCE LISTED BELOW HAVE BEEN ISSUED TO THE INSURED NAMED ABOVE FOR THE POLICY PERIOD
INDICATED. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY REQUIREMENT, TERM OR CONDITION OF ANY CONTRACT OR OTHER DOCUMENT WITH RESPECT TO WHICH THIS
CERTIFICATE MAY BE ISSUED OR MAY PERTAIN, THE INSURANCE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES DESCRIBED HEREIN IS SUBJECT TO ALL THE TERMS,
EXCLUSIONS AND CONDITIONS OF SUCH POLICIES. LIMITS SHOWN MAY HAVE BEEN REDUCED BY PAID CLAIMS.
INSR
LTR
TYPE OF INSURANCE
ADDL
INSD
SUBR
WVD
POLICY NUMBER
POLICY EFF
(MM/DD/YYYY)
POLICY EXP
(MM/DD/YYYY)
LIMITS
A
X COMMERCIAL GENJERAL LIABILITY
E
 |X| 
OCCUR
LIABILITY
QUT387680
11/07/2018
11/19/2018
EACH OCCURRENCE
3 1,000,000
CUIMS-MAD
DAMAGE TO RENTED
PREMISES (Ea occurrence)
5 100,000
X HOST LIQUOR
MED EXP (Any one person)
5 5,000
PERSONAL &ADV INJURY
5 1,000,000
GEN'LAGGREGATE LIMITAPPLIES PER:
GENERALAGGREGATE
5 2,000,000
X POLICY 1 
1 JEcf 
1 
1 LOC
OTHER:
PRODUCTS - COMP/OP AGG
3 2,000,000
s
AUTOMOBILE LIABILITY
COMBINED SINGLE LIMIT
(Ea accident)
s
ANY AUTO
HEDULED
TOS
N-OWNED
TOS ONLY
BODILY INJURY (Per person)
s
OWNED
AUTOS ONLY
HIRED
AUTOS ONLY
SC
Al
BODILY INJURY (Per accident)
s
NC
Al
PROPERTY DAMAGE
(Per accident)
s
s
UMBRELLA LIAB
EXCESS LIAB
OCCUR
CLAIMS-MADE
EACH OCCURRENCE
$
AGGREGATE
s
DED 
RETENTION S
$
WORKERS COMPENSATION
AND EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY 
y / N
ANY PROPRIETOR/PARTNER/EXECUTIVE
OFFICER/MEMBER EXCLUDED?
(Mandatory In NH) 
' '
If yes, describe under
DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS below
N/A
PER 
OTH-
STATUTE 
ER
E.L EACH ACCIDENT
s
E.L DISEASE - EA EMPLOYEE
s
E.L DISEASE - POLICY LIMIT
5
DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS 1 LOCATIONS 1 VEHICLES (ACORD 101, Additional Remarks Schedule, may be attached If more space Is required)
RE: Christmas Village
As respects General Liability, The Metropolitan Government and The Fairgrounds Nashville, Its officials, officers, employees and volunteers
are additional insured per form CG2011 with respect to the written contract between the certificate holder and the named insured for the
referenced project or agreement.
CERTIFICATE HOLDER
CANCELLATION
The Fairgrounds See 2nd Page for Additional
825 Smith Avenue
Nashville 
TN 37203
1
SHOULD ANY OF THE ABOVE DESCRIBED POLICIES BE CANCELLED BEFORE
THE EXPIRATION DATE THEREOF, NOTICE WILL BE DELIVERED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE POLICY PROVISIONS.
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
ACORD 25 (2016/03)
© 1988-2015 ACORD CORPORATION. All rights reserved.
The ACORD name and logo are registered marks of ACORD
ARCHIVE


COMMENTS/REMARKS
Continued from 1st Page
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, the Board of Fair Commissioners
OFREMARK 
COPYRIGHT 2000, AMS SERVICES INC.
ARCHIVE
