A-o 4-laL
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF LEASE

THIS, ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF LEASE (“Assignment”) is made as of
September i. 2010 (the “Effective Date”), by and between CAREMARK RX, L.L.C., a Delaware
limited liability company (successor to CAREMARK RX, INC.) (“Assignor”), and OWL HILL
HOLDINGS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Assignee”), under the following
circumstances:

A. Assignor is the current tenant with respect to that certain Ground Lease dated August 25,
2004 (the “Lease”) between Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority, a public corporation existing
under the laws of the State of Tennessee, as landlord (“Landlord”) and Assignor, as tenant, with respect
to land described therein (the “Land”) and has constructed certain hangar improvements thereon (the
“TImprovements”).

B. Assignor desires to assign to Assignee all of Assignor’s right, title and interest under the
Lease, and Assignee is willing to assume all of Assignor’s obligations under the Lease arising after the
effective date of this Assignment.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration the mutual covenants contained herein and other good
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Assignor and
Assignee agree as follows:

1. Assignment. Assignor conveys and assigns to Assignee all of the right, title and interest
of Assignor as “Tenant” under the Lease, together with all rights and privileges appurtenant thereto,
including Assignor’s right, title and interest in and to the Land and the Improvements (collectively, the
“Leasehold Interest”), which assignment shall be effective as of the Effective Date, subject only to the
“Permitted Exceptions” which are more particularly set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto. Assignor
represents, warrants and covenants to Assignee that (i) Assignor currently holds the Leasehold Interest
pursuant to the Lease, (ii) Assignor is authorized to assign the Leasehold Interest to Assignee, and (iii)
the Leasehold Interest assigned herein is free and clear of any and all liens and encumbrances made or
suffered by Assignor, except the Permitted Exceptions. Assignor does hereby bind itself and its
successors to warrant and defend the title to the Leasehold Interest against all other encumbrances arising
by, through, or under Assignor.

2. Assumption. Assignee assumes and agrees to be bound by all duties and obligations of
Assignor set forth in the Lease arising on or after the Effective Date.

3. Indemnity. Assignee hereby agrees to indemnify, protect, defend and hold Assignor
harmless from and against any damage, loss or expense (including without limitation, reasonable
attorneys’ fees, charges and disbursements) incurred by Assignor as a result of any claim by the Landlord
(or its successors or assigns under the Ground Lease) of a breach by the tenant under the Ground Lease
of its obligations under the Ground Lease occurring after the Effective Date. Assignor hereby agrees to
indemnify, protect, defend and hold Assignee harmless from and against any damage, loss or expense
(including without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees, charges and disbursements) incurred by
Assignee as a result of any claim by the Landlord (or its successors or assigns under the Ground Lease)
of a breach by the Assignor under the Ground Lease of its obligations as tenant under the Ground Lease
occurring prior to the Effective Date excluding however any claims related to the construction of the
Improvements or the physical or environmental condition of the Land or Improvements.

3881608.5 1
ARCHIVE


4, Binding Effect. This Assignment shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding upon
the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

5. Counterparts. This Assignment may be executed in any number of counterparts, and all
such counterparts shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument, and each of said
counterparts shall be deemed an original hereof.

[Signatures on following page]
3881608.5 2


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have entered into this Agreement as of the Effective Date.

ASSIGNOR:
CAREMARK RX, L.L.C.
By: CVS Pharmacy . f

Its Sole Member | |

fj \/
By: (\_, H AAJ
David M. Denton, EVP and CFO
ASSIGNEE:
OWL HILL HOLDINGS, LLC
By: ooo iver =n
E. Mac Crawford, its sole member
3881608.3 3


Exhibit A
Permitted Exceptions

1, 2010 Metropolitan Government Taxes — a lien not yet due and payable. (Map 120, Part of Parcel
102).

2. Stormwater Detention Agreement of record as Instrument No. 20050120-0007493, said
Register's Office.

3. All matters shown on the survey made by Gresham Smith and Partners, dated August 11, 2010,
Project No. 27979.00.

3881608.5 4
