 
P a g e 1 | 12 
 
 
 
 
Document # 
 
License Date  
 
 
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF 
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE 
ACTING BY AND THROUGH THE AUTHORITY DELEGATED TO 
THE FAIRGROUNDS 
BY THE METROPOLITAN BOARD OF FAIR COMMISSIONS 
 
 THE FAIRGROUNDS LICENSE AGREEMENT 
 
By and Between the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners(“Licensor”) and TN Board of Law Examiners  
(“Licensee”) to Wit: The Licensor agrees to furnish the Licensee the use of the following premises: 
Expo 1, 2, & 3  
 
 
building(s) as is, with its present lighting, and if available, toilet facilities, water, heat, and office space 
for only the purpose of 
The TN Bar Exam Feb. 21-22, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. Definitions. 
 
a. “Concessionaire” means D&D Events, the contracted concessionaire/caterer of The 
Fairgrounds. 
b. “Licensor” means the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County acting 
by and throughthe Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners. 
c. “Licensee” or “Promoter” means the entity or person(s) who possesses the rights covered 
herein as granted by the Licensor. 
d. “Executive Director” or “Director” means the Executive Director of The Fairgrounds. The 
Executive Director shall have full responsibility for the operation of The Fairgrounds and 
shall act for and on behalf of Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County 
and the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners in the management of The 
Fairgrounds. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: FB6A5CE1-0605-43B8-AAFC-7E9C84514794
A-45240
ARCHIVE


 
P a g e 2 | 12 
 
e. “The Fairgrounds” or “Premises” describes the 117 acre property, bordered by Nolensville 
Pike, Craighead Street, and Bransford Avenue and Wedgewood Avenue owned by the 
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and managed by the Metropolitan 
Board of Fair Commissioners. The term “The Fairgrounds” may also be used in reference to 
“the Licensor” as identified in section 1. a. 
f. 
“Fairgrounds Office” or “Fairgrounds Staff” means the Executive Director, Secretary, or 
Fairgrounds employee charged with organizingthe event on behalf of the Executive Director. 
 
 
2. Term. 
 
a. 
This license agreement becomes effective upon execution by all parties for use of 
the premises beginning 02/20/23 and ending 02/22/23 
b. 
Move-In Date: 02/20/23 
 and Time: Noon 
 
c. 
Move-Out Date: 02/22/23 and Time 8pm 
 
d. 
Event start date: 02/21/23 and Time 6:30 a.m. 
 
e. 
Event end date: 02/22/23and Time: 6:30 p.m. 
 
f. 
The dates and times set forth above shall control in the event of any conflict with any other 
move-in and move-out provisions set forth in this Agreement. 
 
3. Rent and Rates. 
a. Rent: The Licensee agrees to pay the Licensor the sum of $14,400.00 for the use of 
the premises. 
b. General Deposits: The total amount listed on the Invoice provided prior to the event is required as a 
non-refundable deposit upon signing this license agreement, and both the agreement & deposit 
must be tendered within 10 business days after the License Date. Payment will be by State of 
Tennessee warrant or direct deposit. The Board of Law Examiners is a tax-exempt Board of the 
Tennessee Supreme Court and will provide a Certificate of Exemption with this License 
Agreement. 
 
c. Clean Up- Fee Deposits. There is a refundable $1000.00 clean-up fee and damage deposit for all 
events held in The Fairgrounds Speedway and Grandstands, Fair Park and Brown’s Creek Lot. 
There is a refundable $500.00 clean-up and damage deposit per building rented. After 
inspection, if no clean-up is required and there are no damages to the premises, the deposit 
referenced in this subsection shall be returned. 
 
d. Move-In and Move-Out: The Licensor will allow the Licensee a ½ day Move-In (hereinafter 
“Move-In day”) beginning at noon on the day before the first day of the term of this License as 
listed in Section 2.a. and 2.b. of this agreement. It is understood by the Licensee that no other use 
of the premises other than set-up will be permitted on Move-In days. The Licensee agrees to pay 
to the Licensor “additional rent” equal to ½ day rental (hereinafter “Additional Rent”) if 
the Licensee moves in before noon on move in day, or if the Licensee sells, trades, opens 
to the public, displays, or swaps on Move-In day. Additional rent is also due for each ½ day 
that the Licensee occupies the premises over and above the Move-In day, the term of this License, 
or each ½ day the Licensee occupies the premises beyond midnight the last day of the term of this 
License. (See Section 12 on Vacation and Surrender of Premises). All rentsshall be in the form of 
a bankcashier’s check. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: FB6A5CE1-0605-43B8-AAFC-7E9C84514794
ARCHIVE


 
P a g e 3 | 12 
 
4. Building Layout. The Licensee must submit a complete building diagram set up to The 
Fairgrounds Office Staff at least 10 business days prior to the event in order to receive Metro 
Fire Marshal approval. Failure to comply with this requirement may result in closure of the show 
or delayed opening of the event. The Licensee will assume full responsibility for obtaining Metro 
Fire Marshal approval on diagrams not received in Fairgrounds office 10 business days prior to 
the event. A penalty will be assessed of $50 per day until the approved diagram is received.  
There shall be NO ELECTRICAL CORDS on the ground where the public walks per Metro 
Codes Dept. 
 
5. Inspection of Facilities. The Fairgrounds will perform a building and grounds walk-through 
inspection with the Licensee to review the condition of the facilities, prior to turning the facilities 
over for the Licensee’s event. Any pre-existing damage shall be noted and signed by both 
the Licensee and the Licensor. If appropriate, photographs may also be taken. A post event 
walk- through shall also be conducted by The Fairgrounds. The licensee is free to participate in 
said walk- through. 
 
6. Protection of The Fairgrounds’ Property. The licensee agrees to return to its former condition 
that part of the premises used by the Licensee and to remove all equipment such as floors, booths, 
platforms, and wiring erected by the Licensee. The Licensee further agrees to pay the cost of 
any and all installations made, and is accountable for all tables, chairs, and miscellaneous items 
rented. 
 
7. Financial Responsibilityfor total Repair and Clean-up Costs. 
 
a. Licensee shall be financially responsible for all clean-up and/or damages to The 
Fairgrounds and damage to or loss of any of the property or equipment of The 
Fairgrounds that exceed the deposit amount(s) referenced in subsection (3)(c); and/or 
injury to any person resulting from the activities or use of The Fairgrounds by the 
Licensee or Licensee’s representatives, employees, agents, vendors, contractors, 
members, suppliers and attendees. 
 
b. The Licensee shall be financially responsible for the costs of repairing any damage done 
to fairgrounds buildings, roads, grass lots, fencing or other property caused by 
Licensee or their representatives, employees, agents, vendors, contractors, members, 
suppliers and attendees. 
 
c. The usage of tape or adhesives results in chipped and damaged paint on the premises 
and, therefore, neither tape nor similar adhesive shall be placed on walls or doors. 
Costs to repair tape and adhesive damage to walls and doors will be charged to the 
Licensee. Use of confetti is prohibited. 
 
d. If there is damage to turf due to, but not limited to, the movement of large equipment, 
garbage dumpsters, stages, crowds, or other vehicles and equipment, site restoration 
must include, but is not limited to, leveling, aerification, overseeeding, and fertilization. 
Restoration plan must be approved by The Fairgrounds prior to beginningany work. 
 
e. The Fairgrounds will not accept the assignment of insurance benefits for such repairs. 
In the event of damage, the Licensee shall be given photographs of the damaged 
property and a bill for the cost of the repairs. Licensee will then have 14 business days 
from the date that the repair charges are presented to the Licensee to render their 
payment in full to the Licensee. If legal action is required to collect the repair costs 
from the Licensee, the Licensee shall also pay for such resulting legal fees and 
DocuSign Envelope ID: FB6A5CE1-0605-43B8-AAFC-7E9C84514794
ARCHIVE


 
P a g e 4 | 12 
 
court costs. 
 
f. 
The provisions of this Section 7 and Section 33 herein below shall not apply to the 
contributory extent of the negligence or wrongful acts of Licensor or its agents, 
employees or representatives. 
8. 
Insurance. The licensee is an agency of the State of Tennessee, which is self-insured. A certificate 
of self-insurance is attached to the License Agreement. 
 
9. 
Security. At least one Tennessee Highway Patrol Trooper will be at the event to provide security 
and to maintain law and order. 
 
10. Vacation of Premises andSurrender. 
a. 
All events held outside the buildings on Monday-Thursday & Sunday nights must end 
no later than 10 p.m. All events held outside on Friday & Saturday nights must end no 
later than 11 p.m. All events held inside the buildings must end no later than 11:00 p.m. 
CST. Licensee will be charged a penalty not less than 25% of the rental cost per 
additional hour fee/per building or facility if the event end times are not adhered to or the 
facilities are not vacated of all persons by the time specified in section 2. 
b. If Licensee fails to surrender the premises to The Fairgrounds at the expiration of the term 
for use stated herein, then The Fairgrounds may remove from the premises all effects 
remaining therein and store the same wherever it sees fit at Licensee’s cost, expense, 
and risk. The Fairgrounds shall not be liable to Licensee for removing and storing such 
effects. For such additional periods as any effects of Licensee remain at The Fairgrounds, 
Licensee shall pay The Fairgrounds double the rate for the space. In addition, Licensee 
shall be liable to The Fairgrounds for any claim or damages suffered by The Fairgrounds 
resulting from Licensee’s failure to surrender the premises to The Fairgrounds in as good 
condition as Licensee received the same. 
 
11. Cancellation. No event cancellations will be accepted by The Fairgrounds except as provided in 
Sections 12 and 45 of this license. Licensee shall be responsible for 100% of the rent on 
all 
licensed premises regardless of actual use or occupancy. This license shall not be signed for a term 
in excess of one year from the contract date. 
 
12. Termination. Should Licensee fail to fulfill in a timely and proper manner its obligations under 
this license or if it should violate any terms of this license, the Licensor shall have the right 
to immediately terminate the license. Such termination shall not relieve Licensee of any liability 
to the Licensor for damages sustained by virtue of any breach by Licensee. Should funding for 
this contract be discontinued, the Licensor shall have the right to terminate this license 
immediately upon written notice to Licensee. The Licensor may terminate this license at any time 
upon thirty 
(30) days written notice to Licensee. 
 
13. Default by Licensee. Licensee shall be in default of this agreement: 1) if it fails to pay any amounts 
due under this License, 2) if it breaches any provision of this License or of any rules and regulations 
promulgated by The Fairgrounds, 3) if it violates any applicable federal, state, or local laws during 
its use of the premises, or 4) if it should dissolve or cease doing business, become insolvent 
or bankrupt. Upon default by Licensee, The Fairgrounds may in its sole discretion: 
a. Terminate the contract immediately, and declare the entire License fee for the balance 
of the term due and payable. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: FB6A5CE1-0605-43B8-AAFC-7E9C84514794
ARCHIVE


 
P a g e 5 | 12 
 
b. Reenter and relet the property or any part thereof, or operate the same, for the balance 
of the Term, receive rents there from and apply them first to expenses of making 
necessary repairs to the premises, attorney’s fees, and all other reasonable expenses of 
Fairgrounds in reentering the premises and reletting the premises, and second, to the 
payment of the license feehereunder. 
c. Terminate this license by giving Licensee written notice of termination, which shall 
not excuse breaches of this License, having already occurred. Upon termination, the 
relation of the parties shall be the same as if the term had fully expired and the said 
Fairgrounds may reenter the premises and remove all persons there from and resort 
to any legal proceedings to obtain possession and Licensee shall, notwithstanding such 
reentry, pay the full amount of said rental as herein agreed to be paid together with 
any other costs, expenses, or damages incurred by The Fairgrounds as result of breach of 
this Agreement. 
d. Pursue any other remedies available to the Licensor either at law or equity. Licensor shall 
be under no obligation to relet the Premises. 
 
14. Default by The Fairgrounds. The Fairgrounds shall be in default of this License if it fails to 
provide the Premises at the time required by this License. In the event of default by The 
Fairgrounds the liability of The Fairgrounds shall be limited to the return to the Licensee of the 
unearnedrent paid to The Fairgrounds under this License. 
 
15. Maintenance of Records. Licensee shall maintain documentation for all charges against the 
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, which may be requested 
according to the Public Records Policy of the licensee, as and if required to be approved by 
the Tennessee Supreme Court. 
 
16. Modification of Contract. This contract may be modified only by written amendment executed 
by all parties and their signatorieshereto. 
 
17. Partnership/Joint Venture. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to create 
a partnership or joint venture between the parties or to create the relationship of principal and 
agent 
between or among any of the parties. None of the parties hereto shall hold itself out in a manner 
contrary to the terms of this paragraph. No party shall become liable for any representation, act 
or omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph. 
 
18. Like Shows. Significantly Similar Shows: It is the desire of The Fairgrounds to have a 
complimentary mix of entertainment events for the mutual benefit of the public and the 
promoters. Events that are of a significantly similar nature may affect attendance and/or 
appeal to the public. Therefore, The Fairgrounds reserves the right to require a reasonable 
period of time between scheduling events that are significantly similar in nature. 
 
19. Concessions. The Fairgrounds reserves for itself, its agents, contractors, or concessionaires the 
sole right to the following sales and services: sales and serving of all food, beverages (alcoholic 
& non-alcoholic). Sales and serving of all food and beverages (alcoholic and non- alcoholic) 
must utilize the, Concessionaire as contracted by the Metropolitan Government. The 
Fairgrounds will initiate and facilitate contact between the Licensee and Concessionaire for 
event planning purposes. If the Concessionaire is unable or unwilling to provide service based 
on reasonable request as determined by The Fairgrounds, an alternative vendor, properly 
licensed by the TABC and/or permitted Metro Beer Permit Board may be engaged upon written 
authorization by The Fairgrounds to the Licensee. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: FB6A5CE1-0605-43B8-AAFC-7E9C84514794
ARCHIVE


 
P a g e 6 | 12 
 
a. Licensee   will  need   Beer/Alcoholic   Beverages served   at   the event: 
Yes 
No  X 
 
b. By entering into this License Agreement, Licensee hereby represents and warrants that 
it will neither furnish beer/alcoholic beverages to the public, guests, and/or invitees nor 
allow such to be brought onto the property except as provided in Section18. a. above. 
c. NO BOOTHS or EXHIBITS are allowed to be within 10 ft. of any the concession stand. 
 
20. Utilities. The Fairgrounds will provide (if available inside buildings) customary lighting, 
heating, air conditioning, and water at no additional cost to the Licensee. There shall be a charge 
for using electric wall outlets for use inside buildings. Wireless Internet access (WiFi) will 
be provided. Authorized use of outdoor utilities shall be priced in advanced and noted in an 
addendum to this agreement. 
 
21. (Omitted by agreement.) 
 
22. Parking Fees. The Fairgrounds reserves the right to charge a parking fee for all events held at 
The Fairgrounds. 
 
23. Licenses and Taxes. Licensee shall obtain at its own expense all licenses and permits required 
by law, and Licensee shall pay all taxes, fees, and charges required by any governmental 
authority in connection withits use of the premises. 
 
24. (Omitted by agreement.) 
 
25. Control. The Fairgrounds reserves the right throughout the Term to control the operation and 
management of the premises. The Fairgrounds Executive Director and staff have the right to enter 
the premises at any time after consultation with the licensee to remove any person who is 
disrupting or obstructing the proper operation and management of the premises. 
 
26. Use of Premises. The Executive Director and staff may use any part of the premises during Move- 
In, during Move-Out, and at any time Licensee is not actively using the particular part of the 
premises, so long as the Executive Director’s use does not interfere with the Licensee’s use. 
 
 
27. Hazardous Property. Licensee shall not bring upon the premises any exhibit, equipment 
or vehicles which, in the sole reasonable judgment of the Executive Director, would be or might 
be dangerous to persons or property or otherwise incompatible with the structure, systems, 
and furnishings of thepremises. 
 
28. Copyrights, Royalties, and Trademarks. Licensee warrants that no music, literary or artistic 
work or other property protected by copyrighted will be performed, reproduced or used, nor will 
the name of any entity protected by trademark be reproduced or used during Licensee’s use of 
the premises unless Licensee has obtained written permission from the trademark or copyright 
holder. Licensee covenants to comply strictly with all laws respecting copyright, royalties, and 
trademarks and warrants that it will not infringe any related statutory, common law, or the right 
of any person during its use of the premises. 
 
29. Abandoned Property. Any property remaining on the premises or any property stored by The 
Fairgrounds, which has not been claimed by Licensee within ten (10) days after the expiration 
of the term, shall be deemed abandoned by Licensee. At the The Fairgrounds’ option, The 
DocuSign Envelope ID: FB6A5CE1-0605-43B8-AAFC-7E9C84514794
ARCHIVE


 
P a g e 7 | 12 
 
Fairgrounds may take possession of it and treat it as its own property and utilize it, or destroy it 
or otherwise dispose of it. The Licensee hereby waives any right to claim the value thereof or 
damages therefore. The Licensee shall be liable to The Fairgrounds for the reasonable cost 
incurred by The Fairgrounds in disposing of or destroying the abandoned property. 
 
30. Waiver. No waiver by either party of any default shall operate as a waiver of any other default, 
or the same default on a future occasion. No delay or omission by either party in exercising any 
right or remedy shall operate as a waiver thereof, and no single or partial exercise of a right or 
remedy shall preludeany otherfurtherexercisethereof, or the exercise of anyotherright or remedy. 
 
31. Licensee’s Assumption of Responsibility. Licensee expressly assumes full responsibility for 
all persons connected with Licensee’s use of the premises, including all its employees, 
agents, members, invitees, andlicensees. 
 
32. Claims against the Licensee. Claims for any losses, or injuries, resulting from, growing out of, 
or in any way connected with, directly, or indirectly, the use of the premises, whether said 
claims arise out of, including, without limitations, the acts and/or omissions of its employees, 
agents, independent contractors, or third parties, that may be attributable to Licensee, shall be 
filed in compliance with T.C.A. Title 9, Chapter 8, with notice to the State Treasury as provided in 
T.C.A. 9-8-402. 
33. Release of Liability. The parties agree that the individual members of the Metropolitan Board 
of Fair Commissioners and any employee, agent, or servant of The Fairgrounds or 
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County assume no personal responsibility 
for the making of this License. The parties further release all individual members of the 
Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners, and any employee, agent, or servant of The 
Fairgrounds or Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, from any 
personal liability growing out of or concerning the making of this License. 
 
34. Time of Essence. Time is of the essence of this License. If the deposit and signed license 
agreement is not received within 10 business days of the contract date, Licensor reserves the 
right to cancel the event and terminate this license and/or license the building(s) for use by another 
party. 
 
35. Contingent Fees. Licensee agrees that Licensee has not been retained or retained any persons 
to solicit or secure a Metro contract upon an agreement or understanding for a contingent 
commission, percentage, or brokerage fee, except for retention of bona fide employees or bona 
fide established commercial selling agencies for the purpose of securing business. Breach of the 
provisions of this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of the ethical 
standards which may result in civil or criminal sanctions and/or debarment or suspension from 
being a licensee under Metrocontracts. 
 
36. Employment. Licensee affirms that it does not subscribe to any personnel policy that permits 
or allows for the promotion, demotion, dismissal, or laying off of any individual due to race, 
creed, color, national origin, age, sex, or handicapping condition. No person shall be 
excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, be discriminated against in the admission 
or access to, or be discriminated against in treatment or employment in the Metropolitan 
Government of Nashville and Davidson County’s contracted programs or activities, on the 
grounds of handicap and/or disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any 
other classification protected by federal or Tennessee State Constitutional or statutory law; 
nor shall they be excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise 
subjected to discrimination in the performance of contracts with the Metropolitan Government 
DocuSign Envelope ID: FB6A5CE1-0605-43B8-AAFC-7E9C84514794
ARCHIVE


 
P a g e 8 | 12 
 
of Nashville and Davidson County or in the employment practices of Metro’s Licensees. 
Accordingly, all Licensees entering into agreements with Licensor shall, upon request, be 
required to show proof of such nondiscrimination and to post in conspicuous places that are 
available to all employees and applicants, notices of nondiscrimination. 
 
37. Ethical Standards. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or agree 
to give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to 
solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a gratuity or an offer of 
employment in connection with any decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation, 
preparation of any part of a program requirement or a purchase request, influencing the 
content of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditing 
or in any other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, 
determination, claim or controversy or other particular matter, pertaining to any program 
requirement of a contract or subcontract or to any solicitation or proposal therefore. Breach 
of the provisions of this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of 
ethical standards which may result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or suspension 
from being a contractor under the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson 
County contracts. 
 
38. Assignment. Consent Required. The provision of this License shall inure to the benefit of 
and be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Neither this 
license nor any of the rights and obligations of the Licensee hereunder shall be assigned or 
transferred in whole or in part to any person, firm, or corporationwithout the prior writtenconsent 
of the Licensor, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Any such assignment or 
transfer shall not relieve licensee from obligations hereunder. Any approved assignee shall 
assume each and every obligation of Licensee hereunder, and Licensor may contract with 
or accept monies from any such assignees without waiving any of its rights hereunder. 
 
39. Compliance with Laws. Licensee agrees that every person connected with Licensee’s 
occupancy and use of premises covered by this license agreement shall abide by, conform to, 
and comply with all laws of the United States and the State of Tennessee, and all of the 
ordinances of the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, together with 
the rules, regulations, and policies of Licensor for the government and management of said 
premises. Licensee agrees to follow all resolutions and policies of the Board of Fair 
Commissioners in place at the time of the event. Licensee will not do, or suffer to be done, 
anything on said premises during the term of this License Agreement in violation of any such 
laws, ordinances, rules, or regulations, and if the attention of the Licensor is called to such 
violation on the part of the Licensee or any person employed or admitted to the premises 
by said Licensee, said Licensee will immediately desist from and correct suchviolation. 
 
40. Iran Divestment Act. In accordance with the Iran Divestment Act, Tennessee Code Annotated 
§12-12-101 et seq., Licensee certifies that to the best of its knowledge and belief, neither Licensee 
nor any of its subcontractors are on the list created pursuant to Tennessee Code Annotated §12- 
12- 
106. Misrepresentation may result in civil and criminal sanctions, including contract 
termination, debarment, or suspension from being a Licensee, Contractor, or subcontractor 
under Metro contracts. 
 
41. Governing Law. The laws of the State of Tennessee shall control the validity, construction 
and effect of this License and also any extensionand/or modifications of it. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: FB6A5CE1-0605-43B8-AAFC-7E9C84514794
ARCHIVE


 
P a g e 9 | 12 
 
42. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give 
or agree to give any employee or former employee to solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept 
from another person, a gratuity or an offer of employment in connection with any decision, 
approval, disapproval, recommendation, preparation of any part of a program requirement or a 
purchase request, influencing the content of any specification or procurement standard, 
rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any other advisory capacity in any proceeding 
or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or controversy or other particular matter, 
concerning any program requirement of a contract, or sub-contract or to any solicitation or 
proposal thereof. It shall be a breach of ethical standards to make any payment, gratuity, or 
offer of employment, by or for a sub- contractor under a contract to the prime contractor or 
higher tier subcontractor or any person associated therewith, as an inducement for the award 
of a subcontract or order. 
 
43. Force Majeure. If the premises or any part of The Fairgrounds is destroyed or damaged by fire 
or any other cause, or if any other casualty or unforeseen occurrence renders the fulfillment 
of this License by The Fairgrounds impossible, the Licensee shall be liable for rent which 
has accrued only at the time of termination, provided, however, if such impossibility of 
performance shall be due to the act or omissions of Licensee, its agents, employees, members, 
licensees, or invitees, then the Licensee shall be liable for the entire rent charged hereunder as 
well as all accrued charges in addition to such other damages as may result from such acts or 
omissions. Licensee hereby waives anyclaimfor damages or compensationfrom The Fairgrounds 
on account of such termination. 
 
44. Severability. Should any court of competent jurisdiction declare any provision of this License 
invalid, then, such provision shall be severed and shall not affect the validity of the remaining 
provisions of this License. 
 
45. Entire Agreement. This License constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and 
superseded all previous understandings. This License may not be modified except by written 
consent of the parties hereto. 
 
46. Signage. All signage must be in accordance with The Fairground signage policies as approved 
by the Board of Fair Commissioners. Any and all signage inconsistent with the approved 
policy is prohibited. All signage must be approved prior to installation and must be removed 
within one (1) hour of the close of the event. 
 
47. Shipping. The Fairgrounds will not be responsible for the acceptance and/or storage of 
any shipments relating to the event. 
 
48. Brown’s Creek. Licensor shall conduct no activities resulting in discharge to or harmful impact 
to Brown’s Creek. The Metropolitan Stormwater Department is authorized to inspect property 
and require the discontinuance of any activities that could result in harmful or hazardous 
impact to Brown’s Creek or activities found to be harmful to public health safety and welfare 
generally as it relates to Brown’s Creek or stormwater run-off. 
 
49. Residual Matters. Any matters, not expressly covered by this License or by applicable rules 
and regulations adopted by The Fairgrounds shall be determined by the Executive Director’s 
sole discretion. 
 
50. Exhibits. Exhibits A, B, and C are attached to this license agreement and incorporated herein. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: FB6A5CE1-0605-43B8-AAFC-7E9C84514794
ARCHIVE


 
P a g e 10 | 12 
 
51. Notices and Designation of Agent for Service of Process. 
a. Notice of to the Licensor concerningthis license shall be delivered to: 
 
The Fairgrounds Nashville Shipping by FED-X ,UPS & DHL: 
P.O. Box 40208 
Nashville, TN 37204 
Phone: (615) 862-8994 
624 Smith Ave. 
Nashville, Tn. 
37203 
Fax: (615) 862-8992 
If questions call615-862-8980 
*We will ONLY accept the week of event 
b. Notices to Licensee shall be deliveredto: 
 
Licensee:  TN Board of Law Examiners 
Att'n: 
Lisa Perlen 
Address: 
511 Union Street Suite 525 Nashville, TN 37219 
 
 
 
 
 
c. Licensee hereby designates the following as the Licensee’s agent for service of process 
and will waive any objection to service of process if process is served upon this agent 
Designated Agent: 
Att'n: Lisa Perlen 
 TN Board of Law Examiners 
 
Address: 511 Union Street Suite 525 Nashville, TN 37219 
 
 
 
 
52. Additional Provisions: 
 
 NONE  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: FB6A5CE1-0605-43B8-AAFC-7E9C84514794
ARCHIVE


 
P a g e 11 | 12 
 
(This Space Is Intentionally Left Blank) 
DocuSign Envelope ID: FB6A5CE1-0605-43B8-AAFC-7E9C84514794
ARCHIVE


 
P a g e 12 | 12 
 
 
 
 
 
53. EFFECTIVE DATE. This License shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed first 
by the Licensee and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government. When it 
has been so signed, this license shall be effective as of the date first written above. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: FB6A5CE1-0605-43B8-AAFC-7E9C84514794
ARCHIVE


Page 13 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed their signatures as of the date first above 
written. 
LICENSOR: 
LICENSEE: 
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF 
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, 
TENNESSEE BY AND THROUGH 
THE BOARD OF FAIR COMMISSIONERS 
_ 
Director 
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY 
OF FUNDS: 
_ 
 Finance Director 
APPROVED AS TO INSURANCE 
REQUIREMENTS: 
Licensee:
BY: 
Title: 
Director of Insurance 
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND 
LEGALITY: 
_ 
Metropolitan Attorney 
Filed with the Metropolitan Clerk: 
Metropolitan Clerk 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 8118EBA9-ADE9-4D9C-839A-AA8375047B6E
DocuSign Envelope ID: AF929B04-3ABA-47D9-86B6-06AD0AFDEE4F
DocuSign Envelope ID: FB6A5CE1-0605-43B8-AAFC-7E9C84514794
Executive Director
Lisa Perlen
1/5/2023
ARCHIVE


State of Tennessee Certificate of Self-lnsurance
This certificate is issued as a matter of information only and confers no r¡ghts upon the
certificate holder. The certificate does not amend, extend or alter the liability coverage
described below and defined in Title 9, Chapter 8 and Title 50, Chapter 6 ofthe
Tennessee Code Annotated.
Persons wishing to file a claim for damages against the State ofTennessee arising from
an act or omission of the State or its employees must file a claim with the State
Treasury Department, Division of Claims and Risk Management, 15(h Floor, Andrew
.Jackson State Office Buildine, 502 Deaderick Street, Nashville, Tennessee 37243-0202.
SOURCE OF COVERAGE
lnsuaed:
The State of Tennessee, its departments, agencies, ¡nstitutions,
including ¡nstitutions of higher education, and any entity
deemed by the General Assembly to be a state agency for the
purpose of partic¡pating in the State of Tennessee self-
tnsurance proSram.
The ¡nstitutions of higher education include the University of
Tennessee system and the Tennessee Board of Regents
system, and subsidiaries, Aust¡n Peay State University, East
Tennessee State University, Middle Tennessee State University,
Tennessee State University, Tennessee Technological
University, and the University of Memphis.
Coverage A
The State of Tennessee Department of Treasury
Division of Claims and Risk Management
502 Deader¡ck street - 15'l' Floor
Nashville, Tennessee 37243
All coverages are per State Law
Coverages: THIS lS TO CERTIFV THAT THE STATE OF TENNESSEE SELF-INSURES ITS EXPOSURE lN GENERAT LlABltlTY, AUTOMOBILE tlABlLITY,
PROFE5SIONAI. MALPRACTICE, AND WORKERS, COMPENSATION, SUBJECÍ TO THE STATUTORY LIMITATIONs CONTAINED IN TITLE 9, CHAPTER 8 AND
TITLE 50, CHAPTER 6 OF THE TENNESSEE CODE ANNOTATED, NOTHWITHSTANDING ANY REqUIREMENT, TERM OR CONDITION OF ANY WRITTEN
CONTRACT OR DOCUMENT TO WHICH THIS CERTIFICATE MAY BE ISSUED OR MAY PERTAIN. THE COVERAGE AFFORDED HEREIN IS CONTROTTED AND
LIMITED BY STATE TAW.
(ov
TYPI OF INSTIRAN([
POLICY NUMSTN
rc[(Y It[Ecltvt DATI
POLICY EXPIRATNN
DAfF
SIAIUTOßY TIMITS
GENERAT LIABITITY
Self-lnsured
January 1, 1985
Perpetual
unless
coveraSe ts
changed by
statute
PER OCCURR€NCE
PER CLAIMANT
Ar requ¡red by T C.A E 9-8-307
Sl,ooo,ooo
S3oo,ooo
x
X
X
AUTOMOBILE tIABItIW
ANY AUIO
[I OWNED AUTOS
SCHEDUTTO AUIOS
BIREO ÂUTOS
NON.OWNTD AUTOS
Self-lnsured
lanuary 1, 1.985
Perpetual
unless
coveraEe ts
changed by
statute
PER OCCURRENCE
PÊR CLAIMANI
As requlred byT,C.A 5 9-8-307
Sl,ooo,ooo
S3oo,ooo
PROPERTY
Self-l nsured
January 1, 1985
Perpetual
unless
coverage rs
changed by
statute
PER OCCURRENCE
PER CTAIMANT
As requ¡red by T.C.A 5 9-8-307
s1,000,000
S3oo,ooo
PROFESSIONAT MALPRACTICE
Self-l nsured
January 1, 1985
Perpetual
unless
coverage rs
changed by
statute
PER OCCURRENCE
PER CLAIMANT
Asrequired byTC.A 5 9-8-307
s1,00o,000
S3oo,ooo
WORKERS' COMPENSATION AND
EMPIOYER TIABITITY
Self-lnsured
January 1, 1985
Perpetual
unless
coverage rs
changed by
statute
AS REqUIRED BY fHE WORKERS' COMPENSATION LAW CREATED UNDER
TITI.€ 50, CHAPTER 6 OF IHE TENN€SSEE COOE ANNOTATED
DESCRTPTTON OF OPERAT¡ONS/tOCAtONS/VEHtCt-ES/SpECtAL 
tf EMS:
NOT APPLICABLE
CERTIFICATE HOI.DER:
NOT APPLICABLE
ITS WEBSITE.
¿
Herbert H. Slatery lll
Attorney General and Reporter
David H,
Chairma
Jt
By:
Boa rd of Claims
DocuSign Envelope ID: FB6A5CE1-0605-43B8-AAFC-7E9C84514794
ARCHIVE


Certificate Of Completion
Envelope Id: FB6A5CE1060543B8AAFC7E9C84514794
Status: Completed
Subject: Event contract from the Fairgrounds Nashville. Please review
Source Envelope: 
Document Pages: 14
Signatures: 6
Envelope Originator: 
Certificate Pages: 6
Initials: 0
Trina Coble
AutoNav: Enabled
EnvelopeId Stamping: Enabled
Time Zone: (UTC-08:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada)
trina.coble2@nashville.gov
IP Address: 170.190.198.180
Record Tracking
Status: Original
             1/4/2023 10:05:52 AM
Holder: Trina Coble
             trina.coble2@nashville.gov
Location: DocuSign
Security Appliance Status: Connected
Pool: StateLocal
Storage Appliance Status: Connected
Pool: The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea 
Market
Location: DocuSign
Signer Events
Signature
Timestamp
Lisa Perlen
Lisa.Perlen@tncourts.gov
Executive Director
TN Board of Law Examiners
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.142.177.61
Sent: 1/4/2023 10:21:46 AM
Viewed: 1/4/2023 1:11:32 PM 
Signed: 1/4/2023 1:18:57 PM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 1/4/2023 1:11:32 PM
      ID: 85994113-ef67-430e-9dd9-d605189e3ad0
Laura Womack
Laura.womack@nashville.gov
Executive Director
The Fairgrounds Nashville
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.185
Sent: 1/4/2023 1:19:01 PM
Viewed: 1/4/2023 2:06:12 PM 
Signed: 1/4/2023 2:06:26 PM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Not Offered via DocuSign
Sally Palmer
sally.palmer@nashville.gov
Metro Water Services
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Completed
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.100
Sent: 1/4/2023 2:06:34 PM
Viewed: 1/5/2023 6:01:07 AM 
Signed: 1/5/2023 6:03:46 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 6/23/2021 7:17:08 AM
      ID: e1e43675-1a8d-4ab8-bc3d-d3bb8ecaba6f
Balogun Cobb
Balogun.Cobb@nashville.gov
Insurance Division Manager
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.144
Sent: 1/5/2023 6:03:50 AM
Viewed: 1/5/2023 6:11:53 AM 
Signed: 1/5/2023 6:12:19 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 6/23/2021 7:29:53 AM
      ID: 7284ac91-fcde-47e2-b9b6-0839cc32339c
ARCHIVE


Signer Events
Signature
Timestamp
Kelly Flannery tje
Tom.Eddlemon@nashville.gov
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.185
Sent: 1/5/2023 6:12:23 AM
Viewed: 1/5/2023 6:14:32 AM 
Signed: 1/5/2023 6:15:00 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 1/5/2023 6:14:32 AM
      ID: 7fe96198-adfd-46f9-b492-193d018b98ba
Ann Mikkelsen
Ann.Mikkelsen@nashville.gov
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.144
Sent: 1/5/2023 6:15:05 AM
Viewed: 1/5/2023 6:34:38 AM 
Signed: 1/5/2023 6:35:19 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 1/5/2023 6:34:38 AM
      ID: d1567b9c-dc65-463b-b1b5-1927609d169b
Austin Kyle
Metroclerk@nashville.gov
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.185
Sent: 1/5/2023 6:35:25 AM
Viewed: 1/5/2023 11:42:49 AM 
Signed: 1/5/2023 11:43:01 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 1/5/2023 11:42:49 AM
      ID: 010278f5-41d1-495c-a3dc-1f8d00ad3d11
In Person Signer Events
Signature
Timestamp
Editor Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Agent Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Intermediary Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Certified Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Carbon Copy Events
Status
Timestamp
Trina Coble
trina.coble2@nashville.gov
Event Services Coordinator
Fairgrounds
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Sent: 1/4/2023 2:06:29 PM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Not Offered via DocuSign
Satrice Allen
Satrice.Allen@nashville.gov
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Sent: 1/4/2023 2:06:32 PM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Not Offered via DocuSign
ARCHIVE


Carbon Copy Events
Status
Timestamp
Sally Palmer
sally.palmer@nashville.gov
Metro Water Services
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Sent: 1/5/2023 11:43:06 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 6/23/2021 7:17:08 AM
      ID: e1e43675-1a8d-4ab8-bc3d-d3bb8ecaba6f
Witness Events
Signature
Timestamp
Notary Events
Signature
Timestamp
Envelope Summary Events
Status
Timestamps
Envelope Sent
Hashed/Encrypted
1/4/2023 10:21:46 AM
Certified Delivered
Security Checked
1/5/2023 11:42:49 AM
Signing Complete
Security Checked
1/5/2023 11:43:01 AM
Completed
Security Checked
1/5/2023 11:43:06 AM
Payment Events
Status
Timestamps
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure
ARCHIVE


ELECTRONIC RECORD AND SIGNATURE DISCLOSURE  
From time to time, The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea Market (we, us or Company) may 
be required by law to provide to you certain written notices or disclosures. Described below are 
the terms and conditions for providing to you such notices and disclosures electronically through 
the DocuSign system. Please read the information below carefully and thoroughly, and if you can 
access this information electronically to your satisfaction and agree to this Electronic Record and 
Signature Disclosure (ERSD), please confirm your agreement by selecting the check-box next to 
‘I agree to use electronic records and signatures’ before clicking ‘CONTINUE’ within the 
DocuSign system. 
 
Getting paper copies  
At any time, you may request from us a paper copy of any record provided or made available 
electronically to you by us. You will have the ability to download and print documents we send 
to you through the DocuSign system during and immediately after the signing session and, if you 
elect to create a DocuSign account, you may access the documents for a limited period of time 
(usually 30 days) after such documents are first sent to you. After such time, if you wish for us to 
send you paper copies of any such documents from our office to you, you will be charged a 
$0.00 per-page fee. You may request delivery of such paper copies from us by following the 
procedure described below. 
 
Withdrawing your consent  
If you decide to receive notices and disclosures from us electronically, you may at any time 
change your mind and tell us that thereafter you want to receive required notices and disclosures 
only in paper format. How you must inform us of your decision to receive future notices and 
disclosure in paper format and withdraw your consent to receive notices and disclosures 
electronically is described below. 
 
Consequences of changing your mind  
If you elect to receive required notices and disclosures only in paper format, it will slow the 
speed at which we can complete certain steps in transactions with you and delivering services to 
you because we will need first to send the required notices or disclosures to you in paper format, 
and then wait until we receive back from you your acknowledgment of your receipt of such 
paper notices or disclosures. Further, you will no longer be able to use the DocuSign system to 
receive required notices and consents electronically from us or to sign electronically documents 
from us. 
 
All notices and disclosures will be sent to you electronically  
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure created on: 5/6/2021 8:57:45 AM
Parties agreed to: Lisa Perlen, Sally Palmer, Balogun Cobb, Kelly Flannery tje, Ann Mikkelsen, Austin Kyle, Sally Palmer
ARCHIVE


Unless you tell us otherwise in accordance with the procedures described herein, we will provide 
electronically to you through the DocuSign system all required notices, disclosures, 
authorizations, acknowledgements, and other documents that are required to be provided or made 
available to you during the course of our relationship with you. To reduce the chance of you 
inadvertently not receiving any notice or disclosure, we prefer to provide all of the required 
notices and disclosures to you by the same method and to the same address that you have given 
us. Thus, you can receive all the disclosures and notices electronically or in paper format through 
the paper mail delivery system. If you do not agree with this process, please let us know as 
described below. Please also see the paragraph immediately above that describes the 
consequences of your electing not to receive delivery of the notices and disclosures 
electronically from us. 
 
How to contact The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea Market:  
You may contact us to let us know of your changes as to how we may contact you electronically, 
to request paper copies of certain information from us, and to withdraw your prior consent to 
receive notices and disclosures electronically as follows: 
To contact us by email send messages to: molly.nightingale@nashville.gov 
 
To advise The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea Market of your new email address  
To let us know of a change in your email address where we should send notices and disclosures 
electronically to you, you must send an email message to us at molly.nightingale@nashville.gov 
and in the body of such request you must state: your previous email address, your new email 
address.  We do not require any other information from you to change your email address.  
If you created a DocuSign account, you may update it with your new email address through your 
account preferences.  
 
To request paper copies from The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea Market  
To request delivery from us of paper copies of the notices and disclosures previously provided 
by us to you electronically, you must send us an email to molly.nightingale@nashville.gov and 
in the body of such request you must state your email address, full name, mailing address, and 
telephone number. We will bill you for any fees at that time, if any. 
 
To withdraw your consent with The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea Market  
To inform us that you no longer wish to receive future notices and disclosures in electronic 
format you may: 
ARCHIVE


i. decline to sign a document from within your signing session, and on the subsequent page, 
select the check-box indicating you wish to withdraw your consent, or you may; 
ii. send us an email to molly.nightingale@nashville.gov and in the body of such request you 
must state your email, full name, mailing address, and telephone number. We do not need any 
other information from you to withdraw consent..  The consequences of your withdrawing 
consent for online documents will be that transactions may take a longer time to process.. 
 
Required hardware and software  
The minimum system requirements for using the DocuSign system may change over time. The 
current system requirements are found here: https://support.docusign.com/guides/signer-guide-
signing-system-requirements.  
 
Acknowledging your access and consent to receive and sign documents electronically  
To confirm to us that you can access this information electronically, which will be similar to 
other electronic notices and disclosures that we will provide to you, please confirm that you have 
read this ERSD, and (i) that you are able to print on paper or electronically save this ERSD for 
your future reference and access; or (ii) that you are able to email this ERSD to an email address 
where you will be able to print on paper or save it for your future reference and access. Further, 
if you consent to receiving notices and disclosures exclusively in electronic format as described 
herein, then select the check-box next to ‘I agree to use electronic records and signatures’ before 
clicking ‘CONTINUE’ within the DocuSign system. 
By selecting the check-box next to ‘I agree to use electronic records and signatures’, you confirm 
that: 
 
You can access and read this Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure; and 
 
You can print on paper this Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure, or save or send 
this Electronic Record and Disclosure to a location where you can print it, for future 
reference and access; and 
 
Until or unless you notify The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea Market as 
described above, you consent to receive exclusively through electronic means all notices, 
disclosures, authorizations, acknowledgements, and other documents that are required to 
be provided or made available to you by The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea 
Market during the course of your relationship with The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville 
Flea Market. 
ARCHIVE
