BLIGHTED PROPERTY GRANT CONTRACT 
BETWEEN THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT 
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY 
AND 
This Blighted Property Grant Contract issued and entered into pursuant to Metropolitan Code of Laws 
Section 2.212.030 et. seq. and BL2013-431 by and between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville 
and Davidson County ("Metro") and 
(the "Recipient") for the purpose of stabilizing the 
value of the neighborhood and increasing the value of the facilities being constructed or rehabilitated on 
soq f\/loriciinn 3t. 
A.
SCOPE OF PROGRAM:
A.1.
The Recipient shall use the grant funds to reimburse expenditures made improving the exterior 
portions of the commercial property located at 809 Meridian \St (the "Project"). The grant 
c!PPlication submitted by the Recipient and any of its amendments is attached hereto and made a 
part thereof. 
A.2.
The grant funds shall not exceed fifty percent (50%) or fifty thousand dollars ($50,000), whichever 
is less, of the documented investment of Recipient in the Project. The Recipient's investment in 
the Project shall exceed ten thousand dollars ($10,000). 
A.3.
At the time the grant application is made, the value of the real property on which the Project !s 
located shall not exceed one million dollars ($1,000,000) according to the records of the Davidson 
County Property Tax Assessor. 
B.
GRANT CONTRACT TERM:
8.1. 
Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant shall commence on ·1 
/2()'1 and end on June 30, 
2020. Metro shall have no obligation for services rendered by the Recipient which are not 
performed within this term. 
C.
PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
C.1.
Maximum Liability. In no event shall the maximum liability of Metro under this Blighted Property
Grant Contract exceed fifty thousand dollars ($50,000). This amount shall constitute the
maximum Grant Amount available to the Recipient by Metro. The maximum liability of Metro is
not subject to escalation for any reason. Metro's maximum liability is subject to the appropriation
qf funds by the Metropolitan Council.
C.2.
Payment Methodology. The Recipient shall be compensated for actual costs as evidenced by 
expenditure receipts, not to exceed the maximum liability established in Section C.1. 
All invoices shall be sent to the Director of the Mayor's Office of Economic and Community 
Development. Said payment shall not exceed the maximum liability of this Blighted Property 
Grant Contract. 
Final invoices for the contract period should be received by Metro Payment Services by July 15, 
2019. Any invoice not received by the deadline date will not be processed and all remaining 
grant funds will expire. 
• 
·
C.3.
Annual Expenditure Report. The Recipient shall submit a final grant Annual Expenditure Report 
within 45 days of the end of the Blighted Property Grant Contract. Said report shall be in form 
and substance acceptable to Metro and shall be prepared by a Certified Public Accounting Firm 
or the Chief Financial Officer of the Recipient. 
C.4.
Payment of Invoice. The payment of any invoice by Metro shall not prejudice Metro's right to 
object to the invoice or any matter in relation thereto. Such payment by Metro shall neither be 
1 
ARCHIVE
4:08 pm, Jun 15 2020


construed as acceptance of any part of the work or service provided nor as an approval of any of 
the costs included therein. 
C.5.
Unallowable Costs. The Recipient's invoice shall be subject to reduction for amounts included in 
any invoice or payment theretofore made which are determined by Metro, on the basis of audits 
or monitoring conducted in accordance with the terms of this Blighted Property Grant Contract, to 
constitute unallowable costs. 
C.6.
Clawback. Payments made to Recipient shall be subject to clawback for amounts included in any 
invoice or payment theretofore made which, after review of the Annual Expenditure Report, Metro 
determines are not consistent with the terms of this grant contract or Metropolitan Code of Laws 
Section 2.212.030. 
D.
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
D.1.
Required Approvals. Metro is not bound by this Blighted Property Grant Contract u1'til it is 
approved by the appropriate Metro representatives as indicated on the signature pcge. 
D.2.
Modification and Amendment. This Blighted Property Grant Contract may be modified only by a 
written amendment that has been approved in accordance with all Metro procedures. 
D.3.
Termination for Cause. Should the Recipient fail to properly perform its obligations under this 
Blighted Property Grant Contract or if the Recipient violates any terms of this Blighted Property 
Grant Contract, Metro shall have the right to immediately terminate the Blighted Property Grant 
Contract and the Recipient shall not be entitled to any grant funds not actually received as of the 
termination date. The Recipient shall also return to Metro any and all funds expended for 
purposes contrary to the terms of the Blighted Property Grant Contract. Such termination shall 
not relieve the Recipient of any liability to Metro for damages sustained by virtue of any breach by 
the Recipient. 
D.4.
Conflicts of Interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount shall be paid 
directly or indirectly to an employee or official of Metro as wages, compensation, or gifts in 
exchange for acting as an officer, agent, employee, subcontractor, or consultant to the Recipient 
in connection with any work contemplated or performed relative to this Blighted Property Grant 
Contract. 
·
D.5.
Nondiscrimination. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person shall be 
excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination 
in the performance of this Grant Contract or in the employment practices of the Reci'pient on the 
grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other classification 
which is in violation of applicable laws. The Recipient shall, upon request, show proof of such 
nondiscrimination and shall post in conspicuous places, available to all employees and 
applicants, notices of nondiscrimination. 
D.6.
Records. The Recipient shall maintain documentation for all charges to Metro under this Blighted 
Property Grant Contract. The books, records, and documents of the Recipient, insofar as they 
relate to work performed or money received under this Blighted Property Grant Contract, shall be 
maintained for a period of three (3) full years from the date of the final payment or until the 
Recipient engages a licensed independent public accountant to perform an audit of its activities. 
The books, records, and documents of the Recipient insofar as they relate to work performed or 
money received under this Grant Contract shall be subject to audit at any reasonable time and 
upon reasonable notice by Metro or its duly appointed representatives. Records and financial 
statements shall be maintained and prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles. 
D.7.
Monitoring. The Recipient's activities conducted and records maintained pursuant to this Blighted 
Property Grant Contract shall be subject to monitoring and evaluation by The Metropolitan Office 
of Financial Accountability or Metro's duly appointed representatives. The Recipient shall make 
2 
ARCHIVE


all audit, accounting, or financial records, notes, and other documents pertinent to this grant 
available for review by the Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability, Internal Audit or 
Metro's representatives, upon request, during normal working hours. 
D.8. 
Strict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist in any one or more cases upon the strict
performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agree}ent shall not 
be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of any such term, covenant, condition, or provision. 
No term or condition of this Blighted Property Grant Contract shall be held to be waived, modified, 
or deleted except by a written amendment by the appropriate parties as indicated on the 
signature page of this Blighted Property Grant Contract. 
D.9. 
Insurance. The Recipient agrees to carry adequate public liability and other appropriate forms of
insurance, and to pay all applicable taxes incident to this Blighted Property Grant Contract. 
D.10. 
Metro Liability. Metro shall have no liability except as specifically provided in this Blighted
Property Grant Contract. 
D. 11. Independent Contractor. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to create a
partnership or joint venture between the Recipient and Metru or to create the relationship of 
principal and agent between or among the Recipient and Metro. The Recipient shall not hold 
itself out in a manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph. Metro shall not become liable for 
any representation, act, or omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph. 
D. 12. Indemnification and Hold Harmless.
(a) Recipient shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Metro, its officers, agents and
employees from any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees for injuries or damages
arising, in part or in whole, from the negligent or intentional acts or omissions of Recipient, its
officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or independent contractors, in c"nnection
with the performance of the contract, and any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney
fees arising from any failure of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub
or independent contractors, to observe applicable laws, including, but not limited to, labor laws
and minimum wage laws.
(b) Metro will not indemnify, defend or hold harmless in any fashion the Recipient from any
claims, regardless of any language in any attachment or other document that the Recipient may
provide.
(c) Recipient shall pay Metro any expenses incurred as a result of Recipient's failure to fulfill any
obligation in a professional and timely manner under this Blighted Property Grant Contract.
(d) Recipient's duties under this section shall survive the termination or expiration of the Blighted
Property Grant Contract.
D.13. 
Force Majeure. The obligations of the parties to tt1is Blighted Property Grant Contract are subject
to prevention by causes beyond the parties' control that could not be avoided by the exercise of 
due care including, but not limited to, acts of God, riots, wars, strikes, epidemics or any other 
similar cause. 
D.14. 
State, Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with all applicable federal,
state and local laws and regulations in the performance of this Blighted Property Grant Contract. 
D.15. 
Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction and effect of this Blighted Property Grant
Contract and any and all extensions and/or modifications thereof shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The venue for legal action 
concerning this Blighted Property Grant Contract shall be in the courts of Davidson County, 
Tennessee. 
D.16. 
Completeness. This Blighted Property Grant Contract is complete and contains the entire
understanding between the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein, including all 
3 
ARCHIVE


the terms and conditions of the parties' agreement. This Blighted Property Grant Contract 
supersedes any and all prior understandings, representations, negotiations, and agreements 
between the parties relating hereto, whether written or oral. 
D.17. 
Headings. Section headings are for reference purposes only and shall not be construed as part
of this Blighted Property Grant Contract. 
D. 18. Assignment-Consent Required. The provisions of this contract shall inure to the benefit of and
shall be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Except for 
the rights of money due to Recipient under this contract, neither this contract nor any of the rights 
and obligations of Recipient hereunder shall be assigned or transferred i11 whole or in part without 
the prior written consent of Metro. Any such assignment or transfer shall not release Recipient 
from its obligations hereunder. Notice of assignment of any rights to money due to Recipient 
under this Contract must be sent to the attention of the Metro Department of Finance. 
. 
D.19. 
Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or 
agree to give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to 
solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a gratuity or an offer of 
employment in connection with any decision, approval, disapproval, recommendatizn. 
preparations of any part of a program requirement or a purchase request, influencing the content 
of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any 
other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim 
or controversy in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or 
controversy or other particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or 
subcontract or to any solicitation or proposal therefore. It shall be a breach of ethical standards 
for any payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor 
under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or a person associated 
therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach of the provisions of 
this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of ethical standards which rnay 
result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or suspension from participation in 
Metropolitan Government contracts. 
D.20. 
Communications and Contacts. All instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other
communications from the Recipient required or contemplated by this Blighted Property Grant 
Contract shall be in writing and shall be made by facsimile transmission, or by first class mail, 
addressed to the respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or address as set forth 
below or to such other party, facsimile number, or address as may be hereafter specified by 
written notice. 
Metro: 
Mayor's Office of Economic 
and Community Development 
Director 
PO Box 196300 
Nashville, TN 37219-6300 
(615) 862-6021 phone
(615) 862-6025 fax
Recipients: 
Paul Mishkin 
Member 
SeanPaul, LLC 
237 2nct Ave S 
Franklin, TN 37064 
312-907-2037
Copy to: 
Department of Law 
Director 
PO Box 196300 
Nashville, TN 37219-6300 
(615) 862-6341 phone
(615) 862-6353 fax
4 
ARCHIVE


H Sean Brock 
Managing Member 
SeanPaul, LLC 
237 2"(] Ave S 
Franklin. TN 37064 
Effective Date. This contract shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed first by the
Recipient and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government and has been filed in
the office of the Metropolitan Clerk. When 1t has been so signed and filed, this contract shall be effective as
of 06/15/2020
----------
THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF 
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY 
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS 
Director of Finance 
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY 
Metropolitan Clerk 
i RECIPIENT: 
Sworn to and subscribed to before me a Notary 
Public, this d:,3day 
c;-
of 
-:, D 
. 201J 
5 
ARCHIVE


METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF 
. • 
NASHVILLE & DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE 
SHORT VENDOR APPLICATION 
MAIL THIS APPLICATION TO: METRO GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE & DAVIDSON COUNTY
DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE/DIVISION OF ACCOUNTS 
700 2nd Avenue South Suite 310 
PO Box 196300 
NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE 37219•6300 
FAX TO: (615) 880-1727 
1) TRANSACTION TYPE 
PLEASE CIRCLE TYPE OF TRANSACTION: 
REFUND 
EMPLOYEE 
LEGAL CLAIM 9 
NCAC PARTICIPANTS 
MNPS PARENT 
PENSIONER 
EX-EMPLOYEE 
DEBT SERVICE 
DUES/REGISTRATION 
NCAC SUPPORT SERVICES 
SOCIAL SERVICES ADOPTION ATTORNEY 
PAYROLUPENSION. LIABILITY 
EASEMENT 
MNPS DEATH BENEFIT 
PENSIONER 
MNPS STIPEND 
Sub-Ledger Use Only 
IF TRANSACT/ON JS NOT LISTED ABOVE, DO NOT USE THIS FORM. CONTACT lsuppfier@nashvllle.gov FOR VENDOR REGISTRA TfON. 
2) ADDRESS INFORMATION
PLEASE TYPE OR PRINT 
( Address where correspondence etc are to be mailed) 
NAME 5 evl 1(2.q ( LL c_
I 
ADDRESS J 2
.1  A  
CITY r; 
1-0 t f V\ 
STATE
PHONE grv - 	 Yo - 777fs
COUNTY \L [ l l91'.'\ llfl1'
Employee Number If applicable 
LEGAL NAME ON TAX RETURN FOR IRS
s 
qAI z1pcooE J7o6Y __
FAX 
-
-
--
Vendor Number Assigned {for Metro use only)
3) TAX INFORMATION*
eA"l PJ1...<A (, GLC,
J 
. • 
WF TAXPAYER (Select one code and ff/! in ID# inforrnation) 
C - Corporation (except Medical/Legal) 
Federal Tax Id#
D 
X"']-d-_1{D3') 
N - Partnership or Medical/Legal Corporation Federal Tax Id#
D 
P - Individual or Sole Proprietor 
Social Security # 
. • 
* Tax Information is requested for IRS reporting purposes. The failure to provide such Information may result In a $50 penalty. * 
4) SIGNATURE
DATE r/D/tt 
DEPARTMENT: VV\ "II[# o:Wi (£,. - -ec.-,p 
Contact Name:: A k\drn w d 
Phooe Lt!\ - g y_"/'. -L<,• qfa I K -q'),o - 611'1,,,e __________ 
ARCHIVE


Form W•9 
(Rev. October 2018) 
Department of the Treasury 
Internal Revenue Service 
Request for Taxpayer 
Identification Number and Certification 
Give Form to the 
requester. Do not 
send to the IRS. 
IJ> Go to www.irs.gov/FormW9 for instructions and the latest information. 
1 Name (as shown on your income tax return). Name is required on this line; do not leave this line blank. 
SeanPaul, LLC 
2 Business name/disregarded entity name, if different from above 
C') 
<D 3 Check appropriate box for federal tax classification of the person whose name is entered on line 1. Check only one of the 
4 Exemptions (codes apply only to 
certain entities, not individuals; see 
instructions on page 3): 
g> 
following seven boxes. 
C 
0 
cii !l!
0 Individual/sole proprietor or 
single-member LLC 
0 C Corporation 
0 S Corporation 
0 Partnership 
0 Trust/estate 
Exempt payee code (if any) ___ _ 
!.. ::, 
 
.5 C .. -
CL o 
!E 
0 
0 Limited liability company. Enter the tax classification (C=C corporation, S=S corporation, P=Partnership) .,.. __ P 
__ 
Note: Check the appropriate box in the line above for the tax classification of the single-member owner. Do not check 
LLC if the LLC is classified as a single-member LLC that is disregarded from the owner unless the owner of the LLC is 
another LLC that is not disregarded from the owner for U.S. federal tax purposes. Otherwise, a single-member LLC that 
is disregarded from the owner should check the appropriate box for the tax classification of its owner. 
Exemption from FATCA reporting 
code (if any) 
0 Other (see instructions) .,.. 
(Applies to accounts maintained outside the U.S.) 
5 Address (number, street, and apt. or suite no.) See instructions. 
Requester's name and address (optional) 
$ 237 2nd Ave South 
(/)1-----------------------------------l
6 City, state, and ZIP code 
Franklin, TN 37064 
7 List account number(s) here (optional) 
m g ____ 
Ta_x
_,p'-a-"y'-'e _r_ld_e 
__ n_t_if _ic _a _ti_o _n_N_u_m_b
e_ r_(T
'---IN
_,),...._ __________ --.-:-...,....,..---=---=---------. 
I Social security number 
I 
Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. The TIN provided must match the name given on line 1 to avoid 
backup withholding. For individuals, this 1s generally your social security number (SSN). However, for a 
resident alien, sole proprietor, or disregarded entity, see the instructions for Part I, later. For other 
entities, it is your employer identification number (EIN). If you do not have a number, see How to get a 
TIN, later. 
[I]] -[I] -I I I I I 
or 
Note: If the account is in more than one name, see the instructions for line 1. Also see What Name and 
Number To Give the Requester for guidelines on whose number to enter. 
I Employer identification number 
8 
3 
-
2 
1 
0 
2 
3 
7 
Certification 
Under penalties of perjury, I certify that: 
1. The number shown on this form is my correct taxpayer identification number (or I am waiting for a number to be issued to me); and
2. I am not subject to backup withholding because: (a) I am exempt from backup withholding, or (b) I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends, or (c) the IRS has notified me that I am
no longer subject to backup withholding; and
3. I am a U.S. citizen or other U.S. person (defined below); and
4. The FATCA code(s) entered on this form (if any) indicating that I am exempt from FATCA reporting is correct.
Certification instructions. You must cros.s out item 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are currently subject to backup withholding because 
you have failed to report all interest and dividends on your tax return. For real estate transactions, item 2 does not apply. For mortgage interest paid, 
acquisition or abandonment of secured property, cancellation of debt, contributions to an individual retirement arrangement (IRA), and generally, payments 
other than interest and dividend , ou are n 
uired to sign the certification, but you must provide your correct TIN. See the instructions for Part II, later. 
Sign 
Here 
Signature of 
U.S. person .,. 
General lnstructio" 
Section references are to the Internal Revenue Code unless otherwise 
noted. 
Future developments. For the latest information about developments 
related to Form W-9 and its instructions, such as legislation enacted 
after they were published, go to www.irs.gov/FormW9. 
Purpose of Form 
An individual or entity (Form W-9 requester) who is required to file an 
information return with the IRS must obtain your correct taxpayer 
identification number (TIN) which may be your social security number 
(SSN), individual taxpayer identification number (ITIN), adoption 
taxpayer identification number (ATIN), or employer identification number 
(EIN), to report on an information return the amount paid to you, or other 
amount reportable on an information return. Examples of information 
returns include, but are not limited to, the following. 
• Form 1099-INT (interest earned or paid)
Cat. No. 10231X 
Date ... 
• Form 1099-DIV (dividends, including tho e from stocks or mutual
funds)
• Form 1099-MISC (various types of income, prizes, awards, or gross
proceeds)
• Form 1099-8 (stock or mutual fund sales and certain other
transactions by brokers)
• Form 1 og9-S (proceeds from real estate transactions)
• Form 1099-K (merchant card and third party network transactions)
• Form 1098 (home mortgage interest), 1098-E (student loan interest),
1098-T (tuition)
• Form 1099-C (canceled debt)
• Form 1099-A (acquisition or abandonment of secured property) 
Use Form W-9 only if you are a U.S. person (including a resident
alien), to provide your correct TIN. 
If you do not return Form W-9 to the requester with a TIN, you might 
be subject to backup withholding. See What is backup withholding, 
later. 
Form W-9 (Rev.10-2018) 
ARCHIVE
