METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF 
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE
METROPOLITAN BOARD OF FAIR COMMISSIONERS
LICENSE AGREEMENT
A-   
This license agreement is entered into by and Between the Metropolitan Government of 
Nashville and Davidson County, Tennessee, acting by and through the authority delegated to 
the Board of Fair Commissioners,  (“Licensor” or “Fairgrounds”) and:
a
[State of formation]
("Licensee"),
[entity type, e.g. corporation, LLC, etc.]
having a principal business address of:
[ADDRESS 1, ADDRESS 2, CITY, STATE, ZIP] as of the date this Agreement is executed by Licensor 
(the "Effective Date").
In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, Licensor hereby grants 
the Licensee a license to access the Fairgrounds premises as described below for the purpose, 
dates, and times established in section 1 and in accordance with the following provisions.
1. PURPOSE, TERM, AND PREMISES.
Licensee shall use the premises described below solely for the purpose of conducting the following 
event:                                                                                (hereinafter called the "Event") which is 
comprised of the following activities:
Licensee is granted a license to use the premises only for the period and times listed below:
a. Event Date and Time:
b. Premises/Location:
See Exhibit A for a map indicating the premises applicable to this agreement.
c. Move-In Date and Time:
d. Move-Out Date and Time:
Bricks Minifigs and More LLC dba Brick Fan Expo
GA
LLC
4842 Township Brow Marietta, GA 30066
Brick Fan Expo
Lego Fan Event.
Oct 11,2025 9:30AM-5PM Oct 12,2025 10AM-4PM
EXPO1
Oct 9,2025 8AM-8PM
Oct 12,2025 9PM
Docusign Envelope ID: 9449F8F0-6C07-4B07-A59D-8C8AAFEC2D28
A-48575
ARCHIVE


2. RENT, RATES, AND PAYMENTS.
a. Venue Rental Fee.
b. Additional Event-Related Fees. In addition to the Venue Rental Fee, the Licensee agrees to pay
the Licensor the sum of equipment and ancillary rentals plus taxes for the use of the premises.
Event-Related Fees shall be equal to the total of fees for furniture, fixture, and equipment rentals,
utility hookups, internet and data connections, technology fees, labor, administrative fees for
securing cleaning services and other services, and support personnel provided by Licensor for the
Event. Event-Related Fee Estimate:
c. General Deposits. One-Half (½) of the total amount due is required as a non-refundable deposit
within 14-days of signing this license agreement.
d. Payments. The entirety of the Venue Rental Fee balance and estimated ancillary rentals is due no
less than 14-days prior to move-in.
e. Forms of Payment. Only credit cards, business checks, bank cashier’s checks, or money orders
are accepted. Credit cards are subject to and Licensee shall pay any fees charged by credit card
processors.  No personal checks are accepted.
f. Final Invoice. Any account balance including charges incurred during the License Period will be
due upon receipt of final invoice. Balances not paid within 30 days of the end of the License Period
shall be subject to interest at the highest rate permitted by law from the date of the final bill, and
such interest shall be due and payable upon payment of the final bill. Such late fees are in addition
to any other rights and remedies available to Licensor.
g. Taxes. Licensee is responsible for all applicable local, State, and Federal taxes. Tax exempt
organizations must complete and file with the Licensor all applicable tax-exempt forms at least 30-
days prior to License Period.
3. OPERATIONS: AGREEMENTS, COVENANTS, AND RESTRICTIONS.
a. Control. The Fairgrounds reserves the right throughout the Term to control the operation and
management of the premises. The Fairgrounds Executive Director and staff have the right to enter
the premises at any time for any purpose, including removal of any person who, in the sole
judgment, of the Executive Director or designated assistants, is disrupting or obstructing the proper
operation and management of the premises.
b. Use of Premises. The Executive Director and staff may use any part of the premises during
Move-In, during Move-Out, and at any time Licensee is not actively using the particular part of the
premises, so long as the Executive Director’s use does not interfere with the Licensee’s use.
c. Utilities. The Fairgrounds will provide customary lighting, heating, air conditioning, and water at no
additional cost to the Licensee. If typical utilities become unavailable, Licensor shall have the right
to approve any alternative utility arrangement and shall charge for using electric outlets. Licensor
may provide special utility services requested by Licensee at additional fees.
d. Building Layout.  The Licensee must submit a complete building diagram of the event setup to
The Fairgrounds Office Staff at least 30 days prior to the event. Failure to comply with this
requirement may result in closure of the show or delayed opening of the event. The Licensee will
assume full responsibility for obtaining Metro Fire Marshal approval on diagrams not received in
Fairgrounds’ office 30 days prior to the event.
e. Exclusive and Specialized Services. Licensor retains the exclusive right to provide all Food and
Beverage services. No outside food and beverages may be brought into the Licensed Premises
without the written approval of the Licensor. Licensor reserves the right to approve specialized
services employed by the Licensee including, but not limited to, decorators, rigging, and audio/
visual providers.
f. Signage. Licensor reserves the right to approve all signage plans. Licensee must submit signage
requests to the Licensee at least 30 days prior to the event.
g. Security.  The Licensee agrees to furnish a Security Plan to The Fairgrounds at least 30 days
prior to the event and include sufficient security officers and/or police officers to maintain law and
order. Certain events may be required to have a minimum number of Metro Police Officers to be
paid for by the Licensee for purposes of traffic control.
TBD
$13,918.66
Docusign Envelope ID: 9449F8F0-6C07-4B07-A59D-8C8AAFEC2D28
ARCHIVE


h. Inspection of Facilities.  The Licensor will perform a pre-event inspection with the Licensee to 
review the condition of the facilities, prior to turning the facilities over for the Licensee’s event. Any 
pre-existing damage shall be noted and signed by both the Licensee and the Licensor. If 
appropriate, photographs may also be taken. A post event inspection shall also be conducted by 
the Licensor and the Licensee can elect to be present.
i.
Parking Fees.  The Fairgrounds reserves the right to charge and retain a parking fee for all events 
held at The Fairgrounds.
j.
Cleaning and No Damage to Premises/Property.
i.
The Licensee agrees to return to its former condition that part of the premises used by the 
Licensee and to remove all equipment such as floors, booths, platforms, and wiring erected 
by the Licensee. Licensee shall be financially responsible for all clean-up (as described 
below in Section 3.j.ii) and/or damages to The Fairgrounds and damage to or loss of any of 
the property or equipment of The Fairgrounds.
ii. Licensor will secure appropriate cleaning services for the Event to be billed to and paid for 
by the Licensee.
iii. The Fairgrounds will not accept the assignment of insurance benefits for such repairs. In 
the event of damage, Licensee will then have 14 business days from the date that the 
repair charges are presented to the Licensee to render their payment in full to the Licensor. 
If legal action is required to collect the repair costs from the Licensee, the Licensee shall 
also pay for such resulting legal fees and court costs.
k. Scheduling Similar Events. Licensor reserves the right to require a reasonable period of time 
between events that are substantially similar in nature.  Licensee is required to disclose all event 
activities in section 1 and may not later add activities that replicate those of another scheduled 
event at the Fairgrounds.  Failure to disclose all event activities or misrepresentations of such 
activities are grounds for immediate termination of this agreement.
l.
Move-In and Move-Out. Move-In and Move-Out days will both be billed at 25% of the Venue 
Rental Fee per facility used per day plus applicable tax and fees. It is understood by the Licensee 
that no other use of the premises other than set-up will be permitted on Move-In or Move-Out days. 
If the Licensee sells, trades, opens to the public, displays, or swaps on Move-In or Move-Out days, 
Licensor shall consider those days as Event days, and Licensee agrees to pay the full venue rental 
fees and additional event-related fees for those days.
m. Vacation of Premises and Surrender. 
i.
Licensee will be charged a penalty not less than 25% of the Base Rental Fee per additional 
hour per building or facility if the event end times are not adhered to or the facilities are not 
vacated of all persons by the time specified in section 1. 
ii. If Licensee fails to surrender the premises to The Fairgrounds at the expiration of the term 
for use stated herein, then The Fairgrounds may remove from the premises all effects 
remaining therein and store the same wherever it sees fit at Licensee’s cost, expense, and 
risk.  The Fairgrounds shall not be liable to Licensee for removing and storing such effects.  
For such additional periods as any effects of Licensee remain at The Fairgrounds, Licensee 
shall pay The Fairgrounds double the rate for the space. In addition, Licensee shall be 
liable to The Fairgrounds for any claim or damages suffered by The Fairgrounds resulting 
from Licensee’s failure to surrender the premises to The Fairgrounds in as good condition 
as Licensee received the same.
4. INSURANCE.
a. The licensee agrees to furnish broad form comprehensive general liability insurance in the amount 
of $1,000,000.00 and property damage coverage in the amount of $25,000.00
b. Automobile liability is required in the amount of $1,000,000 (if the contractor will be making 
deliveries on site or loading/unloading on site).
Docusign Envelope ID: 9449F8F0-6C07-4B07-A59D-8C8AAFEC2D28
ARCHIVE


c. Licensee shall maintain workers’ compensation insurance with statutory limits required by the State 
of Tennessee or other applicable laws and Employer’s Liability Insurance with limits of no less than 
100,000 dollars, as required by the laws of Tennessee (not required for companies with fewer than 5 
employees).
d. The policy is to be written so as to name as additional insured and protect Metropolitan Government 
of Nashville and Davidson County, the Board of Fair Commissioners, it officers, agents, servants, 
employees, and the Executive Director from loss or liability and is to be delivered to the office of the 
Executive Director prior to taking possession of the premises by the Licensee.
e. Further, the Licensee shall indemnify, exonerate, insure, and hold harmless the Licensor from any 
and all claims for damages, losses, or injuries, resulting from, arising out of, or in any way 
connected with, directly or indirectly, the use of the premises, whether said claims be made by 
employees, agents, or servants of the parties hereto or by third parties, except such damages, 
losses or injuries, as may result solely from negligence by the Licensor.  Licensee further agrees to 
defend Licensor in any legal proceedings or to pay Licensor its reasonable attorney fees for 
defending itself against any such claim.
f. The policy shall begin coverage no later than Move-In time and be carried through Move-Out time.
g. Fairgrounds reserves its right to require verification that the insurance policy reflected on the COI 
provided at the time of the execution of this Agreement remains in force as of a date 10-14 days 
before the date of this event.  Such verification may consist of an additional copy of the COI, with a 
current date (as of 10-14 days before the event), or a written signed statement from the insurance 
broker, assuring that the coverage remains in force as of the current date, 10-14 days before the 
event, which signed statement is itself dated accordingly.  If Lessee does not provide such 
verification within 1 business day of it being requested by Fairgrounds, such failure shall constitute a 
material breach of this Agreement.
5. INDEMNIFICATION AND RELEASE OF LIABILITY.
a. Licensee hereby agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Licensor, its officers, employees 
and agents, from any and all damages, liabilities, actions, suits, claims, costs (including reasonable 
attorneys fees), penalties, or expenses arising out of or in connection with, in whole or in part, 
directly or indirectly, Licensee’s, its employees, agents, or invitees’ use of the premises and 
common areas, and any acts, errors or omissions of Licensee, its officers, employees, or agents, 
including any failure to observe applicable laws.  In any and all claims against Licensor, its officers, 
agents or employees by anyone directly or indirectly employed by Licensee, the indemnification 
obligation shall not be limited in any way by any limitation on the amount or type of damages, 
compensation, or benefits payable by or for Licensee under workers’ compensation acts, disability 
acts, or other employee benefit acts.  Licensor will not indemnify, defend or hold harmless in any 
fashion Licensee from any claims arising from any failure, regardless of any language in any 
attachment or other document Licensee may provide.
b. The parties agree that the individual members of the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners and 
any employee, agent, or servant of The Fairgrounds or Metropolitan Government of Nashville and 
Davidson County assume no personal responsibility for the making of this License.  Licensee  
releases all individual members of the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners, and any 
employee, agent, or servant of Licensor, from any personal liability growing out of or concerning the 
making of this License. 
6. CANCELLATION; DEFAULT AND REMEDIES; FORCE MAJEURE.
a. Cancellation. Cancellation must be by written notice. If Licensee cancels before the 
commencement of the License Period, payments shall be kept by Licensor as liquidated damages 
and not as penalty.
Docusign Envelope ID: 9449F8F0-6C07-4B07-A59D-8C8AAFEC2D28
ARCHIVE


b. Default by Licensee. Licensee shall be in default of this agreement: 1) if it fails to pay any 
amounts due under this License, 2) if it breaches any provision of this License or of any rules and 
regulations promulgated by The Fairgrounds, 3) if it violates any applicable federal, state, or local 
laws during its use of the premises, or 4) if it should dissolve or cease doing business, become 
insolvent or bankrupt. Upon default by Licensee, Licensor may, in addition to any other remedies in 
law or equity, do the following: terminate the contract immediately and demand the balance of the 
Licensee fee; re-enter and re-license the premises; remove all property of Licensee and Licensee’s 
invitees at Licensee’s expense.
c. Default by The Fairgrounds. In the event of default by The Fairgrounds the liability of The 
Fairgrounds shall be limited to the return to the Licensee of the unearned rent paid to The 
Fairgrounds under this License.
d. Termination by Licensor.  Should funding for this contract be discontinued, the Licensor shall 
have the right to terminate this license immediately upon written notice to Licensee.  The Licensor 
may terminate this license at any time upon thirty (30) days written notice to Licensee.
e. Force Majeure.  No party shall have any liability to the other hereunder by reason of any delay or 
failure to perform any obligation or covenant if the delay or failure to perform is due to a force 
majeure event, meaning any act of God, storm, fire, casualty, pandemic or epidemic, as reported 
by the World Health Organization (WHO) or Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) or 
the National Institutes of Health (NIH), measures of government authority taken in response to a 
pandemic or epidemic, work stoppage, strike, lockout, labor dispute, civil disturbance, riot, war, 
national emergency, act of Government, act of public enemy, or other cause of similar or dissimilar 
nature beyond its control. Upon a force majeure event, this license shall terminate and Licensee 
shall pay rental for said Premises only up to the time of such termination, at the rate herein 
specified, and said Licensee hereby waives any claim against Licensor. However, if such 
impossibility of performance shall be due to the act or omissions of Licensee, its agents, 
employees, members, licensees, or invitees, then the Licensee shall be liable for the entire rent 
charged hereunder as well as all accrued charges in addition to such other damages as may result 
from such acts or omissions. Licensee hereby waives any claim for damages or compensation 
from The Fairgrounds on account of such termination.
7. MISCELLANEOUS.
a. Maintenance of Records. Licensee shall maintain documentation for all charges against the 
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County. The books, records, and documents 
of Licensee, insofar as they relate to work performed or money received under the license 
agreement, shall be maintained for a period of three (3) full years from the date of final payment 
and will be subject to audit, at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by the Metropolitan 
Government of Nashville and Davidson County or its duly appointed representatives. The records 
shall be maintained in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  
b. Entire Contract. This agreement sets forth the entire agreement between the Parties with respect 
to the subject matter thereof and shall govern the respective duties and obligations of the Parties.
c. Modification of Contract. This contract may be modified only by written amendment executed by 
all parties and their signatories hereto.
d. Precedence. In the event of a conflict between this agreement and any other exhibit or attachment, 
the terms of this agreement shall control.  
e. Authorization. Licensee represents that it has full power and authority to enter into this 
agreement. If Licensee is an entity other than an individual, the undersigned person executing this 
agreement on behalf of the Licensee hereby represents and warrants that all action necessary to 
authorize the undersigned to execute and deliver this agreement has been taken by Licensee.
f. Partnership/Joint Venture. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to create a 
partnership or joint venture between the parties or to create the relationship of principal and agent 
between or among any of the parties. None of the parties hereto shall hold itself out in a manner 
contrary to the terms of this paragraph. No party shall become liable for any representation, act or 
omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph.
Docusign Envelope ID: 9449F8F0-6C07-4B07-A59D-8C8AAFEC2D28
ARCHIVE


g. Lien. The Licensee hereby grants to The Fairgrounds a first lien on all property of the Licensee,
whether from ticket sales or any other source, to secure the payment of rent, taxes, charges or
damages herein covenanted to be paid by the Licensee, for the purpose of securing the
performance of any and all covenants, conditions, or obligations arising under this License. In the
event of default The Fairgrounds may take possession of any and all of said property including box
office receipts and hold the same until such default has been remedied, and if not remedied or
satisfied within ten (10) days of such default The Fairgrounds may advertise said property or
properties for sale and upon such sale apply the proceeds to the satisfaction of any amounts due
The Fairgrounds and shall pay to the Licensee any sums remaining. This remedy is not exclusive,
and The Fairgrounds may at its discretion pursue any appropriate remedy to recover all or any
deficits remaining on the above-mentioned rents, charges, and other sums.
h. Hazardous Property. Licensee shall not bring upon the premises any exhibit, equipment or
vehicles which, in the sole reasonable judgment of the Executive Director, would be or might be
dangerous to persons or property or otherwise incompatible with the structure, systems, and
furnishings of the premises.
i.
Brown’s Creek. Licensee shall conduct no activities resulting in discharge to or harmful impact to
Brown’s Creek.
j.
Copyrights, Royalties, and Trademarks. Licensee warrants that no music, literary or artistic work
or other property protected by copyrighted will be performed, reproduced or used, nor will the name
of any entity protected by trademark be reproduced or used during Licensee’s use of the premises
unless Licensee has obtained written permission from the trademark or copyright holder. Licensee
covenants to comply strictly with all laws respecting copyright, royalties, and trademarks and
warrants that it will not infringe any related statutory, common law, or the right of any person during
its use of the premises. Licensee will indemnify and hold The Fairgrounds and its officers, agents,
and employees harmless from all claims, losses and damages (including court costs and attorney
fees) with respect to such copyright, royalty, or trademark rights.
k.
Abandoned Property. Any property remaining on the premises or any property stored by The
Fairgrounds, which has not been claimed by Licensee within ten (10) days after the expiration of the
term, shall be deemed abandoned by Licensee.  At the The Fairgrounds’ option, The Fairgrounds
may: 1) take possession of it and treat it as its own property and utilize it, or destroy it or otherwise
dispose of it, or 2) store it at the Licensee’s sole cost, expense, and risk.  The Licensee hereby
waives any right to claim the value thereof or damages therefore.  The Licensee shall be liable to
The Fairgrounds for: 1) the cost incurred by The Fairgrounds in disposing of or destroying the
abandoned property and, 2) the cost of storing it if The Fairgrounds elects to store it for the
Licensee.
l.
Waiver. No waiver by either party of any default shall operate as a waiver of any other default, or
the same default on a future occasion.  No delay or omission by either party in exercising any right
or remedy shall operate as a waiver thereof, and no single or partial exercise of a right or remedy
shall prelude any other further exercise thereof, or the exercise of any other right or remedy.
m. Licensee’s Assumption of Responsibility.  Licensee expressly assumes full responsibility for all
persons connected with Licensee’s use of the premises, including all its employees, agents,
members, invitees, and licensees.
n. Employment. Licensee affirms that it does not subscribe to any personnel policy that permits or
allows for the promotion, demotion, dismissal, or laying off of any individual due to race, creed,
color, national origin, age, sex, or handicapping condition.  No person shall be excluded from
participation in, be denied benefits of, be discriminated against in the admission or access to, or be
discriminated against in treatment or employment in the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and
Davidson County’s contracted programs or activities, on the grounds of handicap and/or disability,
age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other classification protected by federal or
Tennessee State Constitutional or statutory law; nor shall they be excluded from participation in, be
denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination in the performance of contracts with
the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County or in the employment practices of
Metro’s Licensees.  Accordingly, all Licensees entering into agreements with Licensor shall, upon
request, be required to show proof of such nondiscrimination and to post in conspicuous places that
are available to all employees and applicants, notices of nondiscrimination.
Docusign Envelope ID: 9449F8F0-6C07-4B07-A59D-8C8AAFEC2D28
ARCHIVE


o. Assignment. Consent Required. The provision of this License shall inure to the benefit of and be
binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto.  Neither this license
nor any of the rights and obligations of the Licensee hereunder shall be assigned or transferred
in whole or in part to any person, firm, or corporation without the prior written consent of the
Licensor, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Any such assignment or transfer
shall not relieve licensee from obligations hereunder. Any approved assignee shall assume each
and every obligation of Licensee hereunder, and Licensor may contract with or accept monies
from any such assignees without waiving any of its rights hereunder.
p. Compliance with Laws.  Licensee agrees that every person connected with Licensee’s
occupancy and use of premises covered by this license agreement shall abide by, conform to,
and comply with all laws of the United States and the State of Tennessee, and all of the
ordinances of the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, together with the
rules, regulations, and policies of Licensor for the government and management of said
premises. Licensee agrees to follow all resolutions and policies of the Board of Fair
Commissioners in place at the time of the event.  Licensee will not do, or suffer to be done,
anything on said premises during the term of this License Agreement in violation of any such
laws, ordinances, rules, or regulations, and if the attention of the Licensor is called to such
violation on the part of the Licensee or any person employed or admitted to the premises by said
Licensee, said Licensee will immediately desist from and correct such violation.
q. Iran Divestment Act. In accordance with the Iran Divestment Act, Tennessee Code Annotated
§12-12-101 et seq., Licensee certifies that to the best of its knowledge and belief, neither
Licensee nor any of its subcontractors are on the list created pursuant to Tennessee Code
Annotated
§12-12-106. Misrepresentation may result in civil and criminal sanctions, including contract
termination, debarment, or suspension from being a Licensee, Contractor, or subcontractor
under Metro contracts.
r. Governing Law. The laws of the State of Tennessee shall control the validity, construction and
effect of this License and also any extension and/or modifications of it.
s. Venue. Any action between the Parties arising from this agreement shall be maintained in the
courts of Davidson County, Tennessee.
t. Severability. Should any court of competent jurisdiction declare any provision of this License
invalid, then, such provision shall be severed and shall not affect the validity of the remaining
provisions of this License.
u. Residual Matters. Any matters, not expressly covered by this License or by applicable rules and
regulations adopted by The Fairgrounds shall be determined by the Executive Director’s sole
discretion.
Docusign Envelope ID: 9449F8F0-6C07-4B07-A59D-8C8AAFEC2D28
ARCHIVE


x. Effective Date. This License shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed first by
the Licensee and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government.
v. Notices and Designation of Agent for Service of Process.
i. Notice to the Licensor concerning this license shall be delivered to:
The Fairgrounds Nashville
401 Wingrove Street
Nashville, TN 37203
Phone: (615) 862-8994
Fax: (615) 862-8992
ii. Notices to the Licensee shall be delivered to:
Licensee:
Attention:
Address:
iii. Licensee hereby designates the following as the Licensee's agent for service of 
process and will waive any objection to service of process if process is served upon 
this agent:
Designated Agent:
Attention:
Address:
vi. Additional Provisions.
Brick Minifigs and More, LLC dba Brick Fan Expo
Nick Ferguson
4842 Township Brow Marietta, GA 30066
Brick Minifigs and More, LLC dba Brick Fan Expo
Nick Ferguson
4842 Township Brow Marietta, GA 30066
Docusign Envelope ID: 9449F8F0-6C07-4B07-A59D-8C8AAFEC2D28
ARCHIVE


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed their signatures as of the date first above written.
LICENSOR
LICENSEE
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF 
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, 
TENNESSEE BY AND THROUGH THE BOARD 
OF FAIR COMMISSIONERS
_______________________________________
Director
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS:
_______________________________________
Director of Finance
APPROVED AS TO INSURANCE 
REQUIREMENTS:
_______________________________________
Director of Insurance
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY:
_______________________________________
Metropolitan Attorney
FILED WITH THE METROPOLITAN CLERK:
_______________________________________
Metropolitan Clerk
Licensee:__________________________________
By:________________________________________
Title:______________________________________ 
Docusign Envelope ID: 9449F8F0-6C07-4B07-A59D-8C8AAFEC2D28
5/9/2025
Owner
ARCHIVE


EXPO1
EXPO2
EXPO3
EXHIBIT A
Docusign Envelope ID: 9449F8F0-6C07-4B07-A59D-8C8AAFEC2D28
ARCHIVE


ANY PROPRIETOR/PARTNER/EXECUTIVE
OFFICER/MEMBER EXCLUDED?
INSR
ADDL SUBR
LTR
INSD WVD
PRODUCER
CONTACT
NAME:
FAX
PHONE
(A/C, No):
(A/C, No, Ext):
E-MAIL
ADDRESS:
INSURER A :
INSURED
INSURER B :
INSURER C :
INSURER D :
INSURER E :
INSURER F :
POLICY NUMBER
POLICY EFF
POLICY EXP
TYPE OF INSURANCE
LIMITS
(MM/DD/YYYY)
(MM/DD/YYYY)
AUTOMOBILE LIABILITY
UMBRELLA LIAB
EXCESS LIAB
WORKERS COMPENSATION
AND EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY
DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS / LOCATIONS / VEHICLES  (ACORD 101, Additional Remarks Schedule, may be attached if more space is required)
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
EACH OCCURRENCE
$
DAMAGE TO RENTED
CLAIMS-MADE
OCCUR
$
PREMISES (Ea occurrence)
MED EXP (Any one person)
$
PERSONAL & ADV INJURY
$
GEN'L AGGREGATE LIMIT APPLIES PER:
GENERAL AGGREGATE
$
PRO-
POLICY
LOC
PRODUCTS - COMP/OP AGG
JECT 
OTHER:
$
COMBINED SINGLE LIMIT
$
(Ea accident)
ANY AUTO
BODILY INJURY (Per person)
$
OWNED
SCHEDULED
BODILY INJURY (Per accident)
$
AUTOS ONLY
AUTOS
HIRED
NON-OWNED
PROPERTY DAMAGE
$
AUTOS ONLY
AUTOS ONLY
(Per accident)
$
OCCUR
EACH OCCURRENCE
CLAIMS-MADE
AGGREGATE
$
DED
RETENTION $
PER
OTH-
STATUTE
ER
E.L. EACH ACCIDENT
E.L. DISEASE - EA EMPLOYEE $
If yes, describe under
E.L. DISEASE - POLICY LIMIT
DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS below
INSURER(S) AFFORDING COVERAGE
NAIC #
COMMERCIAL GENERAL LIABILITY
Y / N
N / A
(Mandatory in NH)
SHOULD ANY OF THE ABOVE DESCRIBED POLICIES BE CANCELLED BEFORE
THE    EXPIRATION    DATE    THEREOF,    NOTICE   WILL   BE   DELIVERED   IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE POLICY PROVISIONS.
THIS  IS  TO  CERTIFY  THAT  THE  POLICIES  OF  INSURANCE  LISTED  BELOW HAVE BEEN ISSUED TO THE INSURED NAMED ABOVE FOR THE POLICY PERIOD
INDICATED.    NOTWITHSTANDING  ANY  REQUIREMENT,  TERM  OR  CONDITION  OF  ANY  CONTRACT OR OTHER DOCUMENT WITH RESPECT TO WHICH THIS
CERTIFICATE  MAY  BE  ISSUED  OR  MAY  PERTAIN,  THE  INSURANCE  AFFORDED  BY  THE  POLICIES  DESCRIBED  HEREIN IS SUBJECT TO ALL THE TERMS,
EXCLUSIONS AND CONDITIONS OF SUCH POLICIES. LIMITS SHOWN MAY HAVE BEEN REDUCED BY PAID CLAIMS.
THIS  CERTIFICATE  IS  ISSUED  AS  A  MATTER  OF  INFORMATION  ONLY AND CONFERS NO RIGHTS UPON THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER. THIS
CERTIFICATE  DOES  NOT  AFFIRMATIVELY  OR  NEGATIVELY  AMEND,  EXTEND  OR  ALTER  THE  COVERAGE  AFFORDED  BY THE POLICIES
BELOW.    THIS  CERTIFICATE  OF  INSURANCE  DOES  NOT  CONSTITUTE  A  CONTRACT  BETWEEN  THE ISSUING INSURER(S), AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OR PRODUCER, AND THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER.
IMPORTANT:    If  the  certificate holder is an ADDITIONAL INSURED, the policy(ies) must have ADDITIONAL INSURED provisions or be endorsed.
If  SUBROGATION  IS  WAIVED,  subject  to  the  terms and conditions of the policy, certain policies may require an endorsement.  A statement on
this certificate does not confer rights to the certificate holder in lieu of such endorsement(s).
COVERAGES
CERTIFICATE NUMBER:
REVISION NUMBER:
CERTIFICATE HOLDER
CANCELLATION
© 1988-2015 ACORD CORPORATION.  All rights reserved.
ACORD 25 (2016/03)
CERTIFICATE OF LIABILITY INSURANCE
DATE (MM/DD/YYYY)
$
$
$
$
$
The ACORD name and logo are registered marks of ACORD
3/14/2025
(706) 865-2189
(706) 865-1774
40550
Bricks Minifigs and More, LLC  DBA Brick Fan Expo
4842 Township Brow
Marietta, GA 30066
13196
A
1,000,000
X
LIO1100001831-01
1/1/2025
1/1/2026
1,000,000
5,000
1,000,000
2,000,000
1,000,000
HIRED NON OWNED
1,000,000
1,000,000
B
XGL8290037
1/1/2025
1/1/2026
1,000,000
A Professional Errors
LIO1100001831-01
1/1/2025
1,000,000
A Equipment
LIO1100001831-01
1/1/2025
1/1/2026
250,000
Please note, due to directives received from the Georgia Department of Insurance, we are no longer allowed to enter any special wording in the description of
operations field on the certificate. The only wording that can be entered in this field is the wording for which it was intended, “Description of
Operations/Locations/Vehicles”. We recommend that the certificate holder review the terms and conditions of the endorsement, as some policy forms provide
additional insured status only when there is a written contract between the Named Insured and the Certificate Holder that requires such status.
Nashville Fairgrounds, 625 Smith Ave, Nashville, TN 37203, on October 11-12
SEE ATTACHED ACORD 101
The Fairgrounds Nashville
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and
Davidson County, the Board of Fair Commissioners
401 Wingrove st
Nashville, TN 37203
BRICMIN-01
MRANDLE
Legacy Risk Solutions, LLC
PO Box 2976
Gainesville, GA 30503
mountain@nortoninsurance.com
LIO Insurance Company
Western World Insurance Company
1/1/2026
X
X
X
X
X
Docusign Envelope ID: 9449F8F0-6C07-4B07-A59D-8C8AAFEC2D28
ARCHIVE


FORM NUMBER:
EFFECTIVE DATE:
The ACORD name and logo are registered marks of ACORD
ADDITIONAL REMARKS
ADDITIONAL REMARKS SCHEDULE
FORM TITLE:
Page           of
THIS ADDITIONAL REMARKS FORM IS A SCHEDULE TO ACORD FORM,
ACORD 101 (2008/01)
AGENCY CUSTOMER ID:
LOC #:
AGENCY
NAMED INSURED
POLICY NUMBER
CARRIER
NAIC CODE
© 2008 ACORD CORPORATION.  All rights reserved.
Legacy Risk Solutions, LLC
BRICMIN-01
SEE PAGE 1
1
SEE PAGE 1
ACORD 25
Certificate of Liability Insurance
1
SEE P 1
Bricks Minifigs and More, LLC  DBA Brick Fan Expo
4842 Township Brow
Marietta, GA 30066
Cobb
SEE PAGE 1
MRANDLE
1
Description of Operations/Locations/Vehicles:
The Fairgrounds
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and
Davidson County, the Board of Fair
Commissioners
401 Wingrove
Street
Nashville, TN 37203
Docusign Envelope ID: 9449F8F0-6C07-4B07-A59D-8C8AAFEC2D28
ARCHIVE


LI-MU-GL-018 (08/22)
Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office,
Inc., with its permission.
Page 1 of 3
THIS ENDORSEMENT CHANGES THE POLICY. PLEASE READ IT CAREFULLY.
PRIME GENERAL LIABILITY ENHANCEMENT ENDORSEMENT
This endorsement modifies insurance provided under the following:
COMMERCIAL GENERAL LIABILITY COVERAGE FORM
The following is a summary of the Limits of Insurance and additional coverages provided by this
endorsement which apply in the event no other specific coverage is provided under this policy. If such
specific coverage applies, the terms and conditions of that coverage are the sole coverage applicable under
this policy, unless otherwise noted in this endorsement.
Coverage Applicable
Limit of Insurance
Page #
Damage to Premises Rented To You
$1,000,000
1
Expected Or Intended Injury – Property Damage
Included
1
Non-Owned Watercraft
Less than 58 feet
2
Supplementary Payments – Bail Bonds
$3,000
2
Supplementary Payments – Loss of Earnings
$1,000 per day
2
Employee Indemnification Defense Coverage
$25,000
2
Additional Insured – Broadened Named Insured
Included
2
Additional Insured – Grantor of Franchise
Included
2
Additional Insured – Managers, Landlords, or Lessors Of
Premises
Included
2
Additional Insured – Lessor Of Leased Equipment – Automatic
Status When Required In Lease Agreement With You
Included
3
Additional Insured – As Required By Contract
Included
3
Additional Insured – Leased Workers
Included
3
Transfer Of Rights Of Recovery Against Others To Us
Clarification
3
Liberalization
Included
3
Bodily Injury – Includes Mental Anguish
Included
3
A. Damage to Premises Rented to You
If Damage To Premises Rented To You is not otherwise excluded from this Coverage Part:
Paragraph 6. of SECTION III – LIMITS OF INSURANCE is replaced by the following: 
Subject to Paragraph 5. above, the Damage To Premises Rented To You Limit of $1,000,000 is the
most we will pay under COVERAGE A – BODILY INJURY AND PROPERTY DAMAGE LIABILITY
for damages because of “property damage” to any one premises, while rented to you, or in the case
of damage by fire, lightning, explosion, smoke, or leakage from automatic fire protective systems or
any combination thereof.
B. Expected or Intended Injury – Property Damage
Paragraph a. of 2. Exclusions of SECTION I – COVERAGES, COVERAGE A - BODILY INJURY
AND PROPERTY DAMAGE LIABILITY is replaced by the following:
Expected Or Intended Injury
“Bodily injury” or “property damage” expected or intended from the standpoint of the insured. This
exclusion does not apply to “bodily injury” or “property damage” resulting from the use of reasonable
force to protect persons or property.
C. Non-Owned Watercraft
Docusign Envelope ID: 9449F8F0-6C07-4B07-A59D-8C8AAFEC2D28
ARCHIVE


LI-MU-GL-018 (08/22)
Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office,
Inc., with its permission.
Page 2 of 3
Subparagraph (2)(a) of Paragraph g. Aircraft, Auto or Watercraft of SECTION I – COVERAGES,
COVERAGE A - BODILY INJURY AND PROPERTY DAMAGE LIABILITY is amended to read as
follows:
(2)  A watercraft you do not own that is:
(a) Less than 58 feet long; and
(b) Not being used to carry persons or property for a charge;
This provision applies to any person, who with your consent, either uses or is responsible for the
use of a watercraft. This insurance is excess over any other valid and collectible insurance available
to the insured whether primary, excess or contingent.
D. Supplementary Payments 
Paragraphs 1.b. and 1.d. of SUPPLEMENTARY PAYMENTS – COVERAGES A AND B are
amended as follows:
1.
The limit for the cost of bail bonds is increased from $250 to $3,000; and
2.
The limit for actual loss of earnings is increased from $250 a day to $1,000 a day.
E. Employee Indemnification Defense Coverage
The following is added to SUPPLEMENTARY PAYMENTS – COVERAGES A AND B:
We will pay, on your behalf, defense costs incurred by an “employee” in a criminal proceeding.
The most we will pay for any “employee” who is directly involved in a criminal proceeding is
$25,000 regardless of the numbers of "employees," claims or “suits” brought or persons or
organizations making claims or bringing “suits.”
F.
Who Is An Insured
The following is added to Paragraph 2. Of SECTION II – WHO IS AN INSURED:
Each of the following is also an insured:
a.
Broadened Named Insured
Any organization and subsidiary thereof which you control and actively manage on the
effective date of this Coverage Part. However, coverage does not apply to any organization
or subsidiary not named in the Declarations as Named Insured, if they are also insured under
another similar policy, but for its termination or the exhaustion of its limits of insurance.
b.
As Required By Contract
Any person or organization where required by a written contract executed prior to the
occurrence of a loss. Such person or organization is an additional insured for "bodily injury,"
"property damage" or "personal and advertising injury" but only for liability caused, in whole or
in part, by the negligence of the named insured. The limits of insurance applicable to these
additional insureds are the lesser of the policy limits or those limits specified in a contract or
agreement. These limits are included within and not in addition to the limits of insurance shown
in the Declarations.
c.
Grantor of Franchise
Any person or organization with respect to their liability as the grantor of a franchise to 
you.
d.
Managers, Landlords, or Lessors of Premises
Any person or organization with respect to their liability caused, in whole or in part, by the
ownership, maintenance or use of that part of the premises leased or rented to you subject to the
following additional exclusions:
This insurance does not apply to:
(1)
Any “occurrence” which takes place after you cease to be a tenant in that premises; or
(2)
Structural alterations, new construction or demolition operations performed by or on behalf
of that person or organization.
e.
Lessor of Leased Equipment – Automatic Status When Required in Lease Agreement
With You
Docusign Envelope ID: 9449F8F0-6C07-4B07-A59D-8C8AAFEC2D28
ARCHIVE


LI-MU-GL-018 (08/22)
Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office,
Inc., with its permission.
Page 3 of 3
Any person or organization from whom you lease equipment when you and such person or
organization have agreed in writing in a contract or agreement that such person or organization
is to be added as an additional insured on your policy. Such person or organization is an insured
only with respect to liability for “bodily injury”, “property damage” or “personal and advertising
injury” caused, in whole or in part, by your maintenance, operation or use of equipment leased
to you by such person or organization.
A person’s or organization’s status as an additional insured under this endorsement ends when
their contract or agreement with you for such leased equipment ends.
With respect to the insurance afforded to these additional insureds, this insurance does not apply
to any “occurrence” which takes place after the equipment lease expires.
f.
Leased Workers
At the First Named Insured’s option, your leased workers.
G. Transfer Of Rights Of Recovery Against Others To Us
The following is added to Paragraph 8. Transfer Of Rights Of Recovery Against Others To Us of
SECTION IV – COMMERCIAL GENERAL LIABILITY CONDITIONS:
Therefore, the insured can waive the insurer’s rights of recovery prior to the occurrence of a loss,
provided the waiver is made in a written contract.
H. Liberalization
The following is added to SECTION IV – COMMERCIAL GENERAL LIABILITY CONDITIONS:
Liberalization
If we revise this endorsement to provide more coverage without additional premium charge, we will
automatically provide the additional coverage to all endorsement holders as of the day the revision
is effective in your state.
I.
Bodily Injury – Includes Mental Anguish
Paragraph 3. of SECTION V – DEFINITIONS is replaced by the following:
“Bodily injury” means bodily injury, sickness or disease sustained by a person, and includes mental
anguish resulting from any of these; and except for mental anguish includes resulting death.
Docusign Envelope ID: 9449F8F0-6C07-4B07-A59D-8C8AAFEC2D28
ARCHIVE


Certificate Of Completion
Envelope Id: 9449F8F0-6C07-4B07-A59D-8C8AAFEC2D28
Status: Completed
Subject: Event contract from the Fairgrounds Nashville. Please review
Source Envelope: 
Document Pages: 15
Signatures: 6
Envelope Originator: 
Certificate Pages: 6
Initials: 1
Misty Reynolds
AutoNav: Enabled
EnvelopeId Stamping: Enabled
Time Zone: (UTC-08:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada)
misty.reynolds2@nashville.gov
IP Address: 10.104.81.137  
Record Tracking
Status: Original
             4/25/2025 7:30:52 AM
Holder: Misty Reynolds
             misty.reynolds2@nashville.gov
Location: DocuSign
Security Appliance Status: Connected
Pool: StateLocal
Storage Appliance Status: Connected
Pool: The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea 
Market
Location: Docusign
Signer Events
Signature
Timestamp
Nick Ferguson
nferguson@brickfanexpo.com
Owner
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 71.56.60.105
Sent: 4/25/2025 7:39:57 AM
Resent: 5/2/2025 11:49:55 AM
Viewed: 5/6/2025 8:11:32 AM 
Signed: 5/9/2025 8:42:51 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 5/6/2025 8:11:32 AM
      ID: da566a88-41d0-459a-b811-2125429e8b5e
Laura Womack
Laura.womack@nashville.gov
Executive Director
The Fairgrounds Nashville
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.180
Sent: 5/9/2025 8:42:53 AM
Viewed: 5/9/2025 8:44:15 AM 
Signed: 5/9/2025 8:44:44 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Not Offered via Docusign
Sally Palmer
sally.palmer@nashville.gov
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Completed
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.100
Sent: 5/9/2025 8:44:49 AM
Viewed: 5/9/2025 8:58:10 AM 
Signed: 5/9/2025 9:03:33 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 5/9/2025 8:58:10 AM
      ID: db8759d5-9b20-4180-9ee6-193d573fb696
Balogun Cobb
Balogun.Cobb@nashville.gov
Insurance Division Manager
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.185
Sent: 5/9/2025 9:03:35 AM
Viewed: 5/9/2025 1:53:19 PM 
Signed: 5/9/2025 1:58:15 PM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 6/23/2021 7:29:53 AM
      ID: 7284ac91-fcde-47e2-b9b6-0839cc32339c
ARCHIVE


Signer Events
Signature
Timestamp
Tyler Ringland
Tyler.Ringland@nashville.gov
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.185
Sent: 5/9/2025 1:58:17 PM
Viewed: 5/9/2025 2:23:26 PM 
Signed: 5/9/2025 2:23:38 PM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 5/9/2025 2:23:26 PM
      ID: 2a7cc568-f48e-4ccb-951c-df7ab6d5cedd
Jenneen Reed/MAL
Michelle.Lane@nashville.gov
PUrchasing Agent
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 104.176.252.12
Signed using mobile
Sent: 5/9/2025 2:23:41 PM
Resent: 5/12/2025 12:56:29 PM
Viewed: 5/15/2025 5:35:13 AM 
Signed: 5/15/2025 5:35:41 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 5/15/2025 5:35:13 AM
      ID: 67fbac22-dfe2-4cfa-8340-2f87d99d44e5
Erica Haber
Erica.Haber@nashville.gov
Attorney
Metro Legal
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.144
Sent: 5/15/2025 5:35:44 AM
Viewed: 5/15/2025 8:42:13 AM 
Signed: 5/15/2025 8:49:18 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 2/22/2023 2:02:21 PM
      ID: 84e1c511-4497-4b5b-b56f-47199265ee89
Austin Kyle
Metroclerk@nashville.gov
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.185
Sent: 5/15/2025 8:49:20 AM
Viewed: 5/15/2025 11:32:03 AM 
Signed: 5/15/2025 11:32:12 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 2/27/2023 12:41:45 PM
      ID: b82da70d-6c34-4d7f-bdb5-80561517344b
In Person Signer Events
Signature
Timestamp
Editor Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Agent Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Intermediary Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Certified Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Carbon Copy Events
Status
Timestamp
ARCHIVE


Carbon Copy Events
Status
Timestamp
Ryan Jensen
Ryan.Jensen2@nashville.gov
Event Services Manager
Fairgrounds Nashville
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Sent: 5/9/2025 8:44:46 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Not Offered via Docusign
Misty Reynolds
misty.reynolds2@nashville.gov
Event Services Coordinator
Fairgrounds Nashville
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Sent: 5/9/2025 8:44:47 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Not Offered via Docusign
Satrice Allen
satrice.allen@nashville.gov
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Sent: 5/9/2025 8:44:48 AM
Viewed: 5/9/2025 10:17:25 AM 
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Not Offered via Docusign
Sally Palmer
sally.palmer@nashville.gov
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Sent: 5/15/2025 11:32:14 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 5/14/2025 1:55:53 PM
      ID: 6ff8e140-6a92-4462-ac6a-fed12ca05643
Witness Events
Signature
Timestamp
Notary Events
Signature
Timestamp
Envelope Summary Events
Status
Timestamps
Envelope Sent
Hashed/Encrypted
4/25/2025 7:39:57 AM
Certified Delivered
Security Checked
5/15/2025 11:32:03 AM
Signing Complete
Security Checked
5/15/2025 11:32:12 AM
Completed
Security Checked
5/15/2025 11:32:14 AM
Payment Events
Status
Timestamps
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure
ARCHIVE


ELECTRONIC RECORD AND SIGNATURE DISCLOSURE  
From time to time, The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea Market (we, us or Company) may 
be required by law to provide to you certain written notices or disclosures. Described below are 
the terms and conditions for providing to you such notices and disclosures electronically through 
the DocuSign system. Please read the information below carefully and thoroughly, and if you can 
access this information electronically to your satisfaction and agree to this Electronic Record and 
Signature Disclosure (ERSD), please confirm your agreement by selecting the check-box next to 
‘I agree to use electronic records and signatures’ before clicking ‘CONTINUE’ within the 
DocuSign system. 
 
Getting paper copies  
At any time, you may request from us a paper copy of any record provided or made available 
electronically to you by us. You will have the ability to download and print documents we send 
to you through the DocuSign system during and immediately after the signing session and, if you 
elect to create a DocuSign account, you may access the documents for a limited period of time 
(usually 30 days) after such documents are first sent to you. After such time, if you wish for us to 
send you paper copies of any such documents from our office to you, you will be charged a 
$0.00 per-page fee. You may request delivery of such paper copies from us by following the 
procedure described below. 
 
Withdrawing your consent  
If you decide to receive notices and disclosures from us electronically, you may at any time 
change your mind and tell us that thereafter you want to receive required notices and disclosures 
only in paper format. How you must inform us of your decision to receive future notices and 
disclosure in paper format and withdraw your consent to receive notices and disclosures 
electronically is described below. 
 
Consequences of changing your mind  
If you elect to receive required notices and disclosures only in paper format, it will slow the 
speed at which we can complete certain steps in transactions with you and delivering services to 
you because we will need first to send the required notices or disclosures to you in paper format, 
and then wait until we receive back from you your acknowledgment of your receipt of such 
paper notices or disclosures. Further, you will no longer be able to use the DocuSign system to 
receive required notices and consents electronically from us or to sign electronically documents 
from us. 
 
All notices and disclosures will be sent to you electronically  
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure created on: 5/6/2021 8:57:45 AM
Parties agreed to: Nick Ferguson, Sally Palmer, Balogun Cobb, Tyler Ringland, Jenneen Reed/MAL, Erica Haber, Austin Kyle, Sally Palmer
ARCHIVE


Unless you tell us otherwise in accordance with the procedures described herein, we will provide 
electronically to you through the DocuSign system all required notices, disclosures, 
authorizations, acknowledgements, and other documents that are required to be provided or made 
available to you during the course of our relationship with you. To reduce the chance of you 
inadvertently not receiving any notice or disclosure, we prefer to provide all of the required 
notices and disclosures to you by the same method and to the same address that you have given 
us. Thus, you can receive all the disclosures and notices electronically or in paper format through 
the paper mail delivery system. If you do not agree with this process, please let us know as 
described below. Please also see the paragraph immediately above that describes the 
consequences of your electing not to receive delivery of the notices and disclosures 
electronically from us. 
 
How to contact The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea Market:  
You may contact us to let us know of your changes as to how we may contact you electronically, 
to request paper copies of certain information from us, and to withdraw your prior consent to 
receive notices and disclosures electronically as follows: 
To contact us by email send messages to: molly.nightingale@nashville.gov 
 
To advise The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea Market of your new email address  
To let us know of a change in your email address where we should send notices and disclosures 
electronically to you, you must send an email message to us at molly.nightingale@nashville.gov 
and in the body of such request you must state: your previous email address, your new email 
address.  We do not require any other information from you to change your email address.  
If you created a DocuSign account, you may update it with your new email address through your 
account preferences.  
 
To request paper copies from The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea Market  
To request delivery from us of paper copies of the notices and disclosures previously provided 
by us to you electronically, you must send us an email to molly.nightingale@nashville.gov and 
in the body of such request you must state your email address, full name, mailing address, and 
telephone number. We will bill you for any fees at that time, if any. 
 
To withdraw your consent with The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea Market  
To inform us that you no longer wish to receive future notices and disclosures in electronic 
format you may: 
ARCHIVE


i. decline to sign a document from within your signing session, and on the subsequent page, 
select the check-box indicating you wish to withdraw your consent, or you may; 
ii. send us an email to molly.nightingale@nashville.gov and in the body of such request you 
must state your email, full name, mailing address, and telephone number. We do not need any 
other information from you to withdraw consent..  The consequences of your withdrawing 
consent for online documents will be that transactions may take a longer time to process.. 
 
Required hardware and software  
The minimum system requirements for using the DocuSign system may change over time. The 
current system requirements are found here: https://support.docusign.com/guides/signer-guide-
signing-system-requirements.  
 
Acknowledging your access and consent to receive and sign documents electronically  
To confirm to us that you can access this information electronically, which will be similar to 
other electronic notices and disclosures that we will provide to you, please confirm that you have 
read this ERSD, and (i) that you are able to print on paper or electronically save this ERSD for 
your future reference and access; or (ii) that you are able to email this ERSD to an email address 
where you will be able to print on paper or save it for your future reference and access. Further, 
if you consent to receiving notices and disclosures exclusively in electronic format as described 
herein, then select the check-box next to ‘I agree to use electronic records and signatures’ before 
clicking ‘CONTINUE’ within the DocuSign system. 
By selecting the check-box next to ‘I agree to use electronic records and signatures’, you confirm 
that: 
 
You can access and read this Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure; and 
 
You can print on paper this Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure, or save or send 
this Electronic Record and Disclosure to a location where you can print it, for future 
reference and access; and 
 
Until or unless you notify The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea Market as 
described above, you consent to receive exclusively through electronic means all notices, 
disclosures, authorizations, acknowledgements, and other documents that are required to 
be provided or made available to you by The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea 
Market during the course of your relationship with The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville 
Flea Market. 
ARCHIVE
