{N0695658.1} 
SUBLEASE AGREEMENT 
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVISON COUNTY 
NASHVILLE FARMERS’ MARKET 
 
THIS SUBLEASE AGREEMENT (hereinafter “Lease” or “Agreement”) is made and entered 
into by and between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, acting by and 
through the authority delegated to the Nashville Farmers’ Market Board (hereinafter “Lessor”), and High 
Note Gifts, LLC dba Made in TN;  a Tennessee LLC with a principal address of 2110 Gladstone 
Ave. Nashville, TN 37211 (hereinafter “Lessee”) (collectively, “Parties,” or individually as “Party”). 
RECITIALS. 
WHEREAS, Lessor was created and empowered by the Private Acts of 1949, Chapter    400, as 
amended, and codified in the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County Charter, Part 
I, Article 11, Chapter 7, Section 11.701 et seq., to operate a farmers’ market, including the power to 
lease space; and 
WHEREAS, Lessor leases from the State of Tennessee real property and facilities located at 900 
Rosa L. Parks Boulevard, Nashville, Tennessee, for various authorized purposes; and 
WHEREAS, Lessee desires to sublease real property in the Market House from Lessor   for the 
purposes described below; 
THEREFORE, Lessor agrees to sublease to Lessee portions of certain real property (hereinafter 
“Premises”) located in the Market House of the Nashville Farmers’ Market under the  terms and 
conditions of this Agreement. 
SECTION 1. TERM  
(a) The term of this five-year Lease shall begin on the 1st  day of June, 2026 and end of the 
31st day of May, 2031(“Lease Term”).   Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Lease shall become 
effective only when it is signed by the Parties, approved by the appropriate representatives of the 
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, and filed with the Metropolitan Clerk. 
Any prior lease between Lessor and Lessee, if not already terminated, shall terminate on the date this 
Lease becomes effective. 
(b) 
Lessee shall have the right of first refusal and the option to re-lease the Premises  under 
the conditions and rates established by Lessor. Lessor may extend the Lease provided that: 
(1) 
Lessor will continue leasing the Premises as a subunit of and separately from 
other Nashville Farmers’ Market facilities after the end date of this Lease; 
(2) 
Lessee is in full compliance with all terms and conditions of this Lease; 
(3) 
Lessee is current with any and all amount due and payable to the Lessor; and 
(4) 
Lessee provides written notice of intent to exercise the option at least ninety (90) 
days prior to the end date of this Lease. 
 
(c) 
Should Lessee remain in possession of the Premises beyond the Lease end date and 
without benefit of a new Lease, Lessee shall be a tenant from month-to-month, and the Lease may be 
terminated by either Party by giving written notice to the other at least thirty (30) days before the 
effective date of termination. 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
X
A-50266
APPROVED
ARCHIVE


{N0695658.1} 
 
SECTION 2. PREMISES 
(a) Premises. The Premises leased to Lessee by Lessor are as follows: Space No. 104, 
containing approximately 1090 square feet of useable floor area inside the Market House of the 
Nashville Farmers’ Market. The Premises shall include only the appurtenances specifically granted in 
this lease. Lessor specifically reserves for itself the roof, the air space above the roof, the space below 
the floor slab, above any dropped ceilings and two feet below the roof deck, and the exterior portions of 
the Premises. Lessor reserves the right to install, maintain, use, repair and replace pipes, ductwork, 
conduits, utility lines, and wires, and conduct pest control and extermination in the Premises. Lessor 
agrees that where possible all work in the Premises shall be performed in a manner which shall not 
unreasonably interfere with the normal business operations of Lessee.  See Attachment 1. 
(b) 
Condition. Lessee agrees that it will accept possession of the Premises in an “as is” 
condition and that no representations or inducements respecting the condition of the Premises  have been 
made to Lessee by Lessor or its authorized representatives. Lessor makes no representation of any nature 
in connection with the condition of the Premises and shall not be liable for any latent or patent defect 
therein. 
(c) 
Site Preparation or Modification. Lessee shall not in any way construct within, remodel, 
otherwise permanently modify the Premises without Lessor’s prior, written approval in  each instance. 
Any such modification without written consent shall be subject to removal without notice at any time at 
Lessee’s sole cost. Upon Lessor and any other required approval, Lessee shall complete any site work 
on the Premises in accordance with Lessor’s design and construction criteria for the subject Premises. 
Lessee shall install within the Premises only such    fixtures and equipment as detailed at Attachment 2 
hereto or which Lessor may subsequently approve in writing. 
SECTION 3. USE AND OPERATIONS 
(a) 
Permitted Use. Lessee agrees that its use of the Premises shall be limited to the   
following, as further detailed in Attachment 3. Any changes to these uses must be approved in writing 
by Lessor. 
(b) 
Trade Name. Lessee’s business reputation, intended use of the Premises, and ability to 
generate patronage to the Premises and Nashville Farmers’ Market were all relied upon  by Lessor and 
served as significant and material inducements contributing to Lessor’s decision to  execute this Lease 
with Lessee. Lessee therefore agrees to operate in the Premises only under the trade name stated in this 
Lease and under no other name without Lessor’s prior written consent in a properly approved 
amendment to this Lease. 
(c) 
Market House Tenant Rules and Policies Handbook. Lessee and its employees, agents, 
and officers agree to abide  by all Lessor rules and facility-use policies, including those rules and policies 
contained in Lessor’s Market House Tenant Rules and Policy Handbook (“Handbook”), see Attachment 
4. Lessor reserves the right to amend the Handbook from time to time. Lessee's   failure to keep and 
observe said rules and facility-use policies contained in the Handbook, as may be amended, shall 
constitute a breach of the terms of this Lease. 
(d) 
Duties and Prohibited Conduct: Lessee shall not permit any of its employees, agents, or 
officers to deface, destroy or remove any property of Lessor, whether real or personal, whether it be 
under the control of Lessor, or otherwise held, at or on the Premises. Further, no floor or wall may be 
painted, and neither may the same be marked in any other manner so that the marking can only be 
removed with the use of any tool or cleaning agent, except as allowed in  writing by Lessor. Lessee shall 
be responsible for any necessary cleaning or repair to Lessor’s property so that the same shall be put in 
as good a condition as Lessee received it, normal wear and tear excepted. Any and all of Lessor’s 
operating equipment that may be used by Lessee or its employees or agents shall be returned in as good 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


{N0695658.1} 
and operating condition as it was received by  Lessee, normal wear and tear excepted. Lessee shall be 
responsible for all reasonable and necessary expense to repair or replace any Lessor property or 
equipment, whether it be under its control or otherwise, due to defacement, destruction, damage or loss 
occurring while in use by Lessee. 
(e) 
Signage: Lessee must obtain written approval for all signage and placement of   signage, 
in accordance with Lessor’s policies as stated in the Handbook. 
(f) 
Alcohol: No alcohol shall be sold or served by Lessee and none shall be consumed in the 
Premises unless Lessee meets relevant licensure and additional insurance  requirements and this Lease 
is properly amended to permit such. 
(g) 
Hazardous Uses Prohibited: Lessee, its employees, and agents shall refrain from any use 
of the Premises for any illegal, harmful, or hazardous purpose. 
(h) 
Hours of Operation. 
(1) Lessee shall remain open for business every Monday through Sunday, from 11:00 a.m. 
to 4:00 p.m., unless otherwise provided in this Lease, and shall only be open for business 
within the hours that the Market House is open to the public, 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m.  In 
the event that Lessee closes for business without seeking prior approval from Lessor, 
Lessor will charge Lessee FIFTY DOLLARS ($50.00) per day that Lessee is closed.  For 
more information on hours of operations, see Handbook. 
(2) Lessor reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to close the Market House to the public 
and require Lessee to close operations on federal or local holidays or on other publicly 
appointed days as may be deemed in the best interest of Lessor’s operations. 
(3) During the Lease Term, Lessor may host events in the common areas of the Farmers’ 
Market (“Event Rentals” or “Event Rental”).  The Market may close at 3:00 p.m., up to 
eight days each year, for the purpose of hosting Event Rentals.  Lessor may also schedule 
additional Event Rentals to begin at 5:00 p.m. on other days throughout the Lease Term.  
Setup for Event Rentals may occur during regular business operating hours.  Lessor shall 
provide Lessee with at least 14 days’ notice of any Event Rental, to the extent practicable.  
Whether Lessee must close operations or remain open for business during Event Rentals 
shall be at Lessor’s sole determination 
(4) Closure of Lessee’s business pursuant to this section shall NOT entitle Lessee to   any 
abatement or decrease of rent or relieve Lessee from any of its obligations pursuant to 
this Lease. 
 
SECTION 4. PAYMENT TERMS 
(a) Payments. Rent shall be due and payable monthly in advance, on or before the first day of 
each calendar month. This Section 4 shall be deemed adequate notification of rent requirements, 
and Lessor shall be under no obligation to invoice Lessee for said payments. Lessee shall pay rent 
to Lessor as well as any and all additional sums to be paid by Lessee to Lessor under this Lease, 
without demand, deduction or setoff, at Lessor’s address detailed in this    Lease or as otherwise 
specified by Lessor in writing. 
(1) 
Lessee shall make all payments by ACH transfer, check, cashier’s check, or money 
order.  If Lessee has a personal check returned for insufficient funds, Lessor will 
not accept personal checks for future payments. Lessor will not accept cash 
payments. 
(2) 
A convenience fee will be added to credit/debit card payments in accordance with 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


{N0695658.1} 
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson     County regulations. 
(3) 
Lessee shall make ALL in person payments to Lessors’ business office during the 
hours and on the days specified by relevant Nashville Farmers’ Market guidelines 
and policies or utilize the drop safe at the administration office. Payments sent by 
U.S. Mail or courier service must be received by Lessor on or before the due date. 
Lessor will assume  no responsibility for delays or delivery failures. 
 
(b) 
Rent.  Notwithstanding the begin date or the effective date of this Lease, rent for the 
Premises described herein shall be due and payable monthly in advance, on or before the first day 
of each calendar month beginning the 1st day of June, 2026 (“Rent”).   
 
(1) 
Year 1. 
During the period June 1, 2026, through May 31, 2027 (“Year 1”), 
the Rent due and payable for the Premises shall be $9,412.00 per month. This Rent 
amount includes a Common Area Maintenance factor, which is described in 
Attachment 5 and applicable to each rental payment due under this lease.    
 
(2) 
Year 2. 
During the period June 1, 2027, through May 31, 2028 (“Year 2”), 
the Rent due and payable shall be increased or decreased by the percentage increase 
or decrease over the prior year in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban 
Consumers  U.S. City Average all items expenditure category, (not seasonally 
adjusted, index base period: 1982-84=100), published by the United States 
Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics, in January 2027.  Lessor will 
notify Lessee of the new rental rate at least 30 days before it goes into effect. 
 
(3) 
Year 3. 
During the period June 1, 2028 through May 31, 2029 (“Year 3”), 
the Rent due and payable shall be increased or decreased by the percentage increase 
or decrease over the prior year in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban 
Consumers  U.S. City Average all items expenditure category, (not seasonally 
adjusted, index base period: 1982-84=100), published by the United States 
Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics in January 2028.  Lessor will 
notify Lessee of the new rental rate at least 30 days before it goes into effect. 
 
(4) 
Year 4. 
During the period June 1, 2029 through May 31, 2030 (“Year 4”), 
the Rent due and payable shall be increased or decreased by the percentage increase 
or decrease over the prior year in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban 
Consumers U.S. City Average, all items expenditure category (not seasonally 
adjusted, index base period: 1982-84=100), published by the United States 
Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics in January 2029.  Lessor will 
notify Lessee of the new rental rate at least 30 days before it goes into effect. 
 
(5) 
Year 5. 
During the period June 1, 2030 through May 31, 2031 (“Year 5”), 
the Rent due and payable shall be increased or decreased by the percentage increase 
or decrease over the prior year in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban 
Consumers, U.S. city average, all items expenditure category (not seasonally 
adjusted, index base period: 1982-84=100) published by the United States 
Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics in January 2030.  Lessor will 
notify Lessee of the new rental rate at least 30 days before it goes into effect. 
 
(6) 
During the Lease Term, Lessee agrees to report monthly net sales and transactions 
information to Lessor by the 20th of each month by providing to the tenant sales 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


{N0695658.1} 
reporting from the businesses point of sales (“POS”) software or the monthly filed 
State of Tennessee, Department of Revenue, Sales and Use Tax Return ,and pay a 
percentage rate on any sales above the annual sales breakpoint for the Premises as 
set forth in Attachment 6.    
 
(i) 
Lessor will use the amount of annual rent set forth in Sections 
4(b)(1), 4(b)(2), 4(b)(3), 4(b)(4), and (4)(b)(5) of the Lease to 
calculate Lessee’s annual sales breakpoint.   
 
(ii) 
Lessor will use the amount of Lessee’s annual net sales between 
July 1 and June 30 of each 12-month Lease term, less the annual 
net sales breakpoint amount, to determine the amount of annual net 
sales that qualifies for application of the percentage rent (“the 
Qualifying Amount”), and will report the Qualifying Amount to 
Lessee no later than August 1 of each 12-month Lease term. 
   
(iii) 
Lessee shall pay Lessor 8% of the Qualifying Amount no later than 
October 1 of each 12-month term. In Year 5 of the lease term as 
defined in Section 4 (b) (5), Lessee shall pay the qualifying amount 
by October 1, 2031. 
 
 
 
(c)   In the event that Lessee becomes a tenant from month-to-month pursuant to Section 1(c), 
above, Lessee shall pay Rent for the Premises in an amount each month equal to the most recent 
monthly Rent payment plus twenty percent (20%). 
 
NOTE:  For purposes of this Lease, "month" shall be defined as a calendar month.  The pro rata 
Rent for any partial month during the term of this Lease shall equal the product of 1/30th of the monthly 
Rent amount in effect during the partial month and the number of days in the partial month for which Rent 
is owed. 
(d) 
Additional Charges.  All other charges, including but not limited to Lessee assessments 
provided hereunder, shall be due and payable by Lessee on or before the first day of the 
calendar month following Lessor demand, invoice, or other any other notice of said 
charges; Lessor shall have the same remedies for failure to pay same as for a non-payment 
of Rent.   
 
(1) 
Property Damage.  Lessee shall pay for any and all damage to Lessor property or 
equipment or the property of any person resulting from the activities or use of the 
Premises or Lessor property by Lessee or Lessee’s employees, agents, contractors, 
members, licensees, customers, or invitees.   
(2) 
Late Charge.  Lessee hereby agrees that all sums due and owing to Lessor for Rent 
or any other amount owed hereunder shall be paid in full as detailed herein and 
agrees that, upon any failure to render payment by the fifth (5th) day of each 
applicable month during the term, Lessee shall be subject to the assessment of a 
FIFTY DOLLAR ($50.00) Late Charge, as and for liquidated damage.  Such charge 
shall be due immediately, along with the associated payment(s).  Lessee further 
agrees that, in each instance that a balance of any amount is carried from one 
calendar month into the next, Lessee shall be subject to the assessment of a TWO 
HUNDRED AND FIFTY DOLLARS ($250.00) Late Charge, as and for liquidated 
damage. 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


{N0695658.1} 
(3) 
Improper Use of Common Areas.  In the event that Lessee or Lessee employees 
place any Lessee equipment, inventory, merchandise, or other Lessee owned item 
in any location exterior to the Premises, Lessor, at its option, may charge Lessee 
FIFTY DOLLARS ($50.00) per day per item until Lessee removes all such items, 
as and for liquidated damage. 
(4) 
Improper Handling of Refuse, Compostable or Recyclable Material.  Lessee and 
Lessee employees must comply with Lessor requirements relating to handling of 
garbage, compostable and recyclable.  In the event of non-compliance with any 
such requirement, Lessor, at its option, may charge Lessee FIFTY DOLLARS 
($50.00) per infraction, as and for liquidated damage.  See Attachment 7.  
(5) 
Non-Compliance with Delivery or Loading Zone Requirements.  The delivery of 
any items to and from the Premises shall be subject to all such facility-use policies 
as in the judgment of Lessor are necessary for the proper operation of the Premises 
and the Nashville Farmers’ Market.  All loading and unloading of goods shall be 
done only at such times, in the areas, and through the entrances designated for such 
purposes by Lessor.  In the event of non-compliance with any delivery or loading 
dock requirement, Lessor, at its option, may charge Lessee FIFTY DOLLARS 
($50.00) per infraction, as and for liquidated damage. 
Additionally, Lessee hereby acknowledges that, if Lessee is charged for non-
compliance with any combination of delivery or loading zone requirements on three 
(3) different dates, Lessor, at Lessor’s sole discretion and notwithstanding any 
associated fee, charge or penalty, may deem such a breach of license to operate at 
the Nashville Farmers’ Market, subjecting Lessee to the loss of any or all privileges.  
(6) 
Other Fees and Charges.  In addition to the amounts detailed herein, Lessor, at its 
option, may also impose on Lessee and Lessee shall be liable for any fees or charges 
detailed in and permitted by the Handbook, and any other rules and facility-use 
policies.   
(7) 
Lien.  In the event Lessee becomes indebted to Lessor during the term of this 
agreement, Lessee grants Lessor a lien on all property of Lessee used or situated in 
the Premises or on Lessor property, including, but not limited to, inventory, 
improvements, and personal property, to secure indebtedness owing from Lessee 
to Lessor at any time during the existence of this Lease, including payments that 
become due under this Lease or pursuant to Nashville Farmers’ Market regulations.  
In the event of default of payment by Lessee, Lessor may take possession of and 
sell such property as may be sufficient to pay any such indebtedness. 
SECTION 5. SECURITY DEPOSIT 
Pursuant to their original sublease agreement Lessee has paid Lessor a FIVE HUNDRED 
DOLLAR ($500.00) security  deposit. Lessor shall continue to hold the Security Deposit to secure 
Lessee's performance of its obligations under this Lease. The Security Deposit is not an advance payment 
of Rent or a measured limit of Lessor’s damages resulting from any cause, including but not limited to 
an event of default. Lessor may, from time to time and without prejudice to any other remedy, use all or 
a part of the Security Deposit to perform any obligation Lessee fails to perform hereunder.   Following 
any such application of the Security Deposit, Lessee shall pay to Lessor on demand the amount so applied 
in order to restore the Security Deposit to its original amount. Provided that Lessee has performed all of 
its obligations hereunder, Lessor shall, after the Lease ends, return to Lessee the portion of the Security 
Deposit which was not applied to satisfy Lessee obligations. The Security Deposit may be commingled 
with other funds, and no interest shall be   paid thereon. If Lessor transfers its interest in the Premises and 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


{N0695658.1} 
the transferee assumes Lessor’s Obligations under this Lease, then Lessor may assign the Security 
Deposit to the transferee and Lessor thereafter shall have no further liability for the return of the Security 
Deposit to Lessee. 
 
SECTION 6. INSURANCE 
(a) 
Lessee shall be responsible for ensuring that any vehicle, which may be driven on   Lessor 
property by the Lessee or Lessee’s employees is fully insured as required by the State of Tennessee. 
(b) 
Prior to approval of this Lease and for the duration and any extension of this Lease, 
Lessee shall obtain and maintain in full force and effect at least the following types and   amounts of 
insurance coverage from insurance carrier(s) having no less than an “A” rating according to the current 
A. M. Best rating and that are authorized to do business in Tennessee: 
(1) 
General Liability Insurance with a limit of not less than ONE MILLION 
DOLLARS ($1,000,000.00) for each occurrence shall be in full force and effect. 
Said insurance shall include Lessor, the State of Tennessee, and the officials, 
officers, employees and agents thereof as additional named insureds. The 
coverage shall contain no special limitations on the scope of its protection 
afforded to the above-listed insureds. The insurance shall be   primary with respect 
to any insurance or self-insurance programs covering Lessor, the State of 
Tennessee, and the officials, officers, employees and agents thereof. 
(2) 
Liability Insurance for vehicles owned, non-owned, and hired with a limit  of not 
less than ONE MILLION DOLLARS ($1,000,000.00) for each accident for 
Bodily Injury and Property Damage shall be in full force and effect. Said 
insurance shall include coverage for loading and unloading hazards and shall 
contain or be endorsed to contain a provision that includes Lessor, the State of 
Tennessee, and the officials, officers, employees and agents thereof as additional 
named insureds. 
(3) 
Workers’ Compensation Insurance and employers’ liability insurance with 
statutory limits as required by the State of Tennessee or other applicable laws 
shall be in full force and effect. Further, Lessee shall require each of  its 
subcontractors to provide Workers’ Compensation for all of the latter’s 
employees to be engaged in such work unless such employees are covered  by the 
Lessee’s workers’ compensation insurance coverage. 
In lieu of said Workers’ Compensation Insurance and employers’ liability 
insurance, if Lessee currently has less than five (5) employees, a written 
statement documenting that fact shall be deemed acceptable. However, should 
the number of Lessee employees increase to a total of five (5) or more, Lessee 
shall meet all requirements for Workers’ Compensation Insurance and 
employers’ liability insurance as detailed in the preceding paragraph and shall 
provide Lessor with associated documentation. 
(4) 
Liquor Liability Insurance shall be in full force and effect IF Lessee will serve 
alcoholic beverages. Said insurance policy shall name Lessor, the State of 
Tennessee, and the officials, officers, employees and agents thereof   as additional 
named insureds. 
 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


{N0695658.1} 
(c) 
Lessee shall: 
(1) 
Before this Lease is approved and thereafter upon request, provide Lessor  with 
properly executed certificate(s) of insurance in a form acceptable to Lessor 
(ACORD 25 Certificate of Liability Insurance) which shall: 
i. 
evidence all insurance required in this Section 6; 
ii. 
specify both of the following as additional named insureds and   certificate 
holders: 
a. Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County              
Metro Courthouse, Suite 108 
Nashville, Tennessee 37201 
b. State of Tennessee 
William R. Snodgrass Tennessee Tower 
312 Rosa L. Parks Blvd 
Nashville, Tennessee 37243. 
(2) 
Maintain the required insurance throughout the period of this Lease and  any 
extension of this Lease, and replace certificates, policies, and endorsements for 
any such insurance expiring during the period of this Lease or any extension of 
this Lease. 
(d) 
If any insurance policies required hereunder cannot be obtained, maintained, and  
replaced as necessary, for any reason, Lessor may require Lessee to cease any and all operation s       until 
coverage is obtained. If such insurance covered is not obtained within a reasonable period   of time, to 
be determined solely by Lessor, Lessor may terminate this Lease for default. 
SECTION 7. MAINTENANCE 
(a) 
Lessor Obligations. Lessor's  maintenance obligations are limited to the replacement of 
the building's roof and maintenance of the foundation and structural members of exterior walls (the 
"Building’s Structure"). The Building's Structure does not include Lessee improvements or fixtures, all 
of which shall be maintained by Lessee. Lessor’s obligation for any defects, repairs, replacement or 
maintenance for which Lessor is specifically responsible for under this Lease shall be limited to the cost 
of performing the work.  Lessor shall not be responsible for: 
(1) 
any such work until Lessee notifies Lessor of the need therefore in writing; 
(2) 
any  repairs, replacement, or maintenance necessitated by Lessee’s negligent or 
improper use, as determined at Lessor’s sole discretion; or 
(3) 
alterations to the structure of the Premises or building required by applicable law 
because of Lessee’s use of the Premises (which alterations shall be Lessee's 
responsibility) or any acts or omissions by Lessee, its agents, employees or 
invitees. 
(b) 
Lessee Obligations. Lessee agrees to keep the Premises in a clean and sanitary condition 
free of trash, refuse and debris at all times during this Lease and to not cause damage to the Premises. 
Lessee agrees to install and maintain approved  grease interceptors at the Lessor’s standards of  service 
and cleanliness. Lessee agrees to reimburse the Lessor for the billed amount of the quarterly hood 
cleaning scheduled by the Lessor.  Lessee agrees to keep the Premises and Lessor property in use by 
Lessee, whether real or personal, in as good repair as at the commencement of the lease, excepting wear 
and tear arising from reasonable use. Lessee further agrees that on the date this Lease terminates, for 
any reason whatsoever, the Premises and any Lessor property used by Lessee will be left in a clean and 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


{N0695658.1} 
sanitary condition and in the same condition as Lessee received the Premises, excepting ordinary wear 
and tear. 
(c) 
Right to Perform Lessee Obligations. Lessor may, but shall not be obligated to, perform 
Lessee's maintenance, repair, and replacement obligations and any other responsibilities that are 
Lessee’s obligation hereunder. Lessee shall reimburse Lessor, upon demand, for the cost incurred in so 
doing. 
SECTION 8. UTILITIES 
(a) 
Lessor Responsibilities. Lessor shall provide customary Common Area lighting, heating, 
air conditioning, electricity via approved wiring or outlets within the Lessee’s leased Premises, water, 
central refuse collection area(s) for trash and recycling, and garbage collection services.   As set forth 
in Section 4(b)(2) above, Lessee is responsible for paying its share of the costs for these services via the 
Utility Fee and Common Area Maintenance factor. The Utility Fee and Common Area Maintenance 
factor is described in Attachment 6. 
(b) 
Lessee Responsibilities. Lessee shall obtain and be solely responsible for the cost  of any 
utilities required, used, or consumed in the Premises, including, but not limited to, telephone, internet, 
and, cable, which shall be separately metered and   direct billed to Lessee together with all taxes, 
penalties, surcharges, and maintenance charges pertaining thereto. If Lessor elects to supply any of 
these utility services, then Lessee shall pay to Lessor the cost of its utility consumption, along with the 
cost of installing separate metering devices, if necessary. 
(c) 
Service Interruption. Lessee hereby agrees that Lessor shall not be liable for any 
interruptions or curtailment in utility services, of any type, due to causes beyond Lessor control or due 
to Lessor’s alteration, repair or improvement of the Premises or Lessor property. 
 
SECTION 9. COMMON AREAS 
Lessee’s use and occupation of the Premises shall include the right to ingress to and egress from 
the Premises and shall include a revocable license to use in common with the others entitled thereto, the 
Common Areas, as may be designated from time to time by Lessor, subject however to the terms and 
conditions of this Lease and to rules, guidelines, and facility-use policies relating to the use thereof as 
prescribed from time to time by Lessor, including in the Handbook. The term “Common Areas” as used 
in this Lease shall mean all Nashville Farmers’ Market space and facilities furnished and designated by 
the Lessor for the general use, in common, by visitors and customers or renters, including Lessee, its 
officers, agents, employees.  
 
SECTION 10. PROPERTY AND WAIVER OF LIABILITY 
(a) 
Lessor may make available Lessor’s personal property and fixtures located within  the 
Premises for the permitted use and any other use contemplated by this Lease. Further, any fixtures or 
structures (e.g., lighting, plumbed sinks, walls, counters, doors, and partitions) that Lessor approves for 
physical attachment to the Premises shall become a part of the Premises and Lessor property. All Lessor 
personal property and fixtures shall remain upon the Premises for the duration of the Lease. Upon the 
termination of this Lease, all Lessor personal property and fixtures shall be surrendered as required 
hereunder. 
(b) 
Any equipment, supplies, merchandise, products, or other property brought onto  Lessor 
property by Lessee or Lessee’s employees, agents, contractors, members, licensees, customers, or 
invitees shall be at the sole risk of Lessee. 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


{N0695658.1} 
(c) 
Lessor assumes no responsibility for any damage or loss of Lessee’s personal property. 
Lessee agrees to hold Lessor harmless from any damage or loss of Lessee’s personal  property located 
on the Premises. 
SECTION 11. RIGHT-OF-ENTRY 
(a) 
Lessor and authorized representatives, shall have the right to enter the Premises at  all 
times for the purpose of: 
• pest control or exterminating services; 
• exercising any right, power or remedy reserved to Lessor in this Lease; 
• examining or inspecting the Premises; 
• performing any obligation of Lessee with respect to which Lessee is in default  under 
this Lease; or, 
• showing the Premises to prospective tenants. 
(b) 
Lessee shall be responsible for all payments made by Lessor for all costs and expenses 
(including, without limitation, fees and expenses of attorneys, expert witnesses, architects and other 
consultants) incurred by Lessor in connection with the exercise of its rights under this Section. 
(c) 
The exercise of any right reserved, under this Section, by Lessor or authorized 
representatives shall not constitute an actual or constructive eviction, in whole or in part, or entitle 
Lessee to any abatement or decrease of Rent or relieve Lessee from any of its obligations under this 
Lease or impose any liability on Lessor or authorized representatives by reason of inconvenience or 
annoyance to Lessee or injury to or interruption of Lessee's business or otherwise. 
SECTION 12. MECHANIC’S LIENS AND OTHER ENCUMBRANCES 
Lessee shall comply with all requirements of this Lease prior to undertaking any work, services, 
materials or labor that relates to any construction, improvement, or repair on, of, or to the Premises. No 
work, services, materials or labor provided to Lessee in connection with its use  and occupation of the 
Premises shall be deemed to be for the benefit of the Lessor. If any lien shall at any time be filed against 
the Premises or Lessor Property by reason of Lessee’s failure to   pay for any work, services, materials 
or labor provided to Lessee, or alleged to have been so provided, Lessee shall immediately cause the 
same to be discharged of record. In the event Lessee fails to cause any such lien to be discharged of 
record within ten (10) days after it receives notice thereof, Lessor may discharge the same by paying 
the amount claimed to be due, with the understanding that Lessor is under no obligation to do so. Should 
Lessor discharge any Lessee lien, Lessee agrees to immediately reimburse Lessor for such amount plus 
Lessor’s reasonable costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees, which total amount shall be due and owing as 
provided herein. 
 
SECTION 13. INDEMNIFICATION AND HOLD HARMLESS 
(a) 
Lessee shall indemnify and hold harmless Lessor, the Metropolitan Government of 
Nashville and Davidson County, and the State of Tennessee against and from any and all liabilities, 
obligations, damages, claims, costs, losses, expenses, causes of action, and judgments (including, 
without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses for attorneys, court costs, expert witnesses, architects, 
engineers and other consultants) which may be imposed upon, incurred by or asserted against Lessor, 
the State of Tennessee, or officials, officers, employees and agents thereof and which arise, in part or in 
whole, from the intentional or negligent acts or omissions by Lessee, its employees, or any person acting 
for or on Lessee’s behalf on Lessor property or in connection with the occupation, use, maintenance, and 
operation of the Premises pursuant to this Lease including, but not limited to, Lessee’s failure to comply 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


{N0695658.1} 
with the terms of this Lease or applicable law. 
 
(b) 
In the event of any such suit or claim, Lessee shall give immediate notice thereof; assume 
any and all responsibility and liability therefor; resist or defend the same, at Lessee's sole cost and 
expense, with counsel of Lessee's choice; provide all related assistance required by Lessor or the State 
of Tennessee; and reimburse all associated cost and expense, including but not limited to attorneys’ 
fees, incurred by Lessor or the State of Tennessee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lessor may, at its 
own option and expense, participate in the defense of any such action, provided however that Lessor 
shall not be responsible for any settlement or compromise made by Lessee without Lessor’s prior written 
consent. 
 
(c)  
Lessee shall indemnify Lessor and the State of Tennessee against all costs and expenses, 
including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses for attorneys, court costs, expert witnesses, 
architects, engineers and other consultants, incurred by Lessor or the State of Tennessee in the event 
such is needed to enforce any obligation under this Lease or obtain possession of the Premises after 
Lessee default or Lessee failure to surrender the Premises as required upon the expiration or termination 
of this Lease. 
 
(d) 
The indemnities, assumptions of liabilities, and obligations herein provided shall continue 
in full force and effect notwithstanding Lease termination, whether by expiration of time, operation of 
law, or otherwise. 
 
SECTION 14. CONFLICT OF INTEREST 
Lessee declares that as of the begin date of this Lease, no Metropolitan Government of Nashville 
and Davidson County official, officer, or employee is directly or indirectly remunerated as a result of 
this Lease and, furthermore, Lessee pledges that it will notify Lessor, in writing, should any of the 
above-referenced persons become either directly or indirectly remunerated as a result of this Lease. 
Lessee declares that neither it nor any person acting for or on Lessee’s behalf has given or donated, or 
promised to give or donate, either directly or indirectly, to any Metropolitan Government of Nashville 
and Davidson County official, officer, or employee, or to anyone else for their benefit, any sum of 
money or other thing of value to aid or assist in obtaining this Lease. Lessee pledges that neither it nor 
any person acting for or on Lessee’s behalf will give or donate, or promised to give or donate, either 
directly or indirectly, to any Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County official, 
officer, or employee, or to anyone else for their benefit, any sum of money or other thing of value to aid 
or assist in obtaining any amendment or modification to this Lease. 
 
SECTION 15. NON-DISCRIMINATION 
It is the policy of the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County not to 
discriminate on the basis of age, race, sex, color, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or 
disability in its hiring and employment practices, or in admission to, access to, or operation of its 
programs, services, and activities. No person shall be excluded from participation in, be denied benefits 
of, be discriminated against in the admission or access to, or be discriminated against in treatment or 
employment in the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County’s contracted programs 
or activities, on the grounds of handicap and/or disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, 
or any other classification protected by federal or Tennessee State Constitutional or statutory law; nor 
shall they be excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to 
discrimination in the performance of contracts with Metropolitan Government or in the employment 
practices of the Metropolitan Government’s contractors. Lessee certifies and warrants that it will comply 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


{N0695658.1} 
with this nondiscrimination requirement. Accordingly, Lessee shall be required to show, upon request, 
proof of such nondiscrimination and to post notices of nondiscrimination in conspicuous places that are 
available to all employees and applicants. 
 
SECTION 16. FIRE OR OTHER CASUALTY 
Should structural or permanent portions of the Premises be partially damaged by fire or other 
casualty, Lessee shall give immediate notice thereof to Lessor and the same shall be repaired at the 
expense of Lessor without unreasonable delay unless Lessor determines that the damage is so extensive 
that repair or rebuilding is not feasible. From the date of such casualty until such area is so repaired, 
monthly payments hereunder shall abate in such amount as may be reasonably determined by Lessor; 
provided, however, that if an area shall be so slightly injured in any such casualty as not to be rendered 
unfit for occupancy, the compensation hereunder shall not cease or be abated during any repair period. 
Should Lessor decide to rebuild then the Lessee shall have the option to terminate the lease if the 
renovation is not complete within one hundred and eighty (180) days. Should the damage to the area 
be so extensive as to render it untenantable, the compensation for such area shall cease, on a pro-rata 
basis, until such time it shall again be put in repair, but in the event of the area being damaged by fire 
or other casualty to  such an extent as to render it necessary in the exclusive judgment of Lessor not to 
rebuild the same, then, at the option of Lessor or Lessee, and upon ten (10) days’ written notice to the 
other of the damage, this Lease, as it applies to said area, shall be canceled and of no further force or 
effect. Lessor's obligations to rebuild or repair under this Section shall in any event be limited to restoring 
said area to substantially the condition that existed prior to the commencement of improvements by 
Lessee. 
SECTION 17. CONDEMNATION 
(a) 
Total Taking. If the entire Premises are taken by right of eminent domain or conveyed in 
lieu thereof (a “Taking"), this Lease shall terminate as of the date of the Taking. 
 
(b) 
Partial Taking - Lessee's Rights. If any part of the Premises becomes subject to a Taking 
and such Taking will prevent Lessee from conducting its business in the Premises in a manner 
reasonably comparable to that conducted immediately before such Taking for a period of  more than one 
hundred eighty (180) days, then Lessee may terminate this Lease as of the date of such Taking by giving 
written notice to Lessor within thirty (30) days after the Taking. 
 
(c) 
Partial Taking - Lessor's Rights. If any material portion, but less than all, of the  building 
becomes subject to a Taking, then Lessor may terminate this Lease by delivering written notice thereof 
to Lessee within thirty (30) days after such Taking. If Lessor does not so  terminate this Lease, then this 
Lease will continue. 
 
(d) 
Award. If any Taking occurs, then Lessor shall receive the entire award or other 
compensation for (1) the land on which the Premises are situated, (2) the Premises, and (3) other 
improvements taken, and Lessee may separately pursue a claim against the condemner for (1) the value 
of Lessee’s personal property which Lessee is entitled to remove under this Lease, (2)moving costs and 
(3) loss of business. Lessee may not recover, however, to the extent it will   reduce Lessor’s award. 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


{N0695658.1} 
SECTION 18. TERMINATION 
(a) 
Termination for Lessee Default. 
(1) 
The following shall constitute an event giving rise to a Termination for  Default: 
i. 
Any Lessee breach of material terms or conditions of this Lease or Lessor 
determination that Lessee has otherwise failed to perform contracted 
duties and responsibilities in a timely and proper manner   and is unable to 
cure such failure within the time provided in Section 18(a)(2), below, or 
such period of time as specified by Lessor, taking into consideration the 
gravity and nature of the default; 
ii. 
Lessee fails to abide by any applicable laws, ordinances, rules and 
regulations of the United States, the State of Tennessee, or the 
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, including 
any health or building codes; 
iii. 
Lessee ceases to operate in the Premises under the Trade Name or in 
accordance with the permitted use specified herein without prior written 
Lessor consent; 
iv. 
Lessee abandons or discontinues conducting its operations on the 
Premises; 
v. 
Lessee is convicted of a felony; 
vi. 
Lessee defaults or breaches any other contract between it and the 
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County; or, 
vii. 
Lessee violates any provisions in the Handbook, or any other rules, 
guidelines, and facility-use policies. 
(2) 
Upon an actual determination of Lessee default, Lessor shall deliver written 
notice of such default to Lessee. If the default remains uncured for thirty (30) 
days, or is incurable within  the 30-day period after the receipt of such notice, then 
this Lease shall terminate (“Termination for Default”). 
(3) 
Should this Lease be terminated for default, Lessor may lease the Premises  to 
another lessee, for such rent and on such terms as Lessor shall deem appropriate. 
In which case, Lessee shall be liable to Lessor for any costs associated with the 
reletting of the Premises and for administrative costs or other damages 
occasioned by its breach of the terms of this Lease and incurred by Lessor. If a 
sufficient sum shall not be realized by the reletting the Premises, after paying all 
expenses of such reletting and collecting to satisfy the rent hereby reserved, 
Lessee agrees to satisfy and pay any deficiency. 
(4) 
The Termination for Default rights and remedies of Lessor provided in this 
Section are non-exclusive and are in addition to any other rights and remedies 
provided by law or under this Lease. Lessee is not relieved of its  liability to 
Lessor for damages sustained by virtue of a default of this Lease. Lessor reserves 
the right to cure any default without terminating this Lease and seek 
reimbursement for such expenses from Lessee, with the understanding that 
Lessor is under no obligation to correct any such default. Lessor’s exercise of its 
right to cure shall not act as a waiver of its  right to terminate this Lease for default 
as provided hereunder. 
(b) 
Termination for Bankruptcy by Lessee. The following shall constitute an event   giving 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


{N0695658.1} 
rise to a Termination of this Lease: 
(1) 
Lessee files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or is adjudicated a bankrupt or 
insolvent, or files any petition or answer seeking any reorganization, 
arrangement, composition, readjustment, liquidation, dissolution or similar relief 
under any present or future bankruptcy or other applicable law, or seeks or 
consents to or acquiesces in the appointment of any trustee, receiver or liquidator 
of Lessee or of all or any  substantial part of Lessee's property or its leasehold 
interest in the Premises, or makes any general assignment for the benefit of 
creditors, or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they 
become due; 
(2) 
A court of competent jurisdiction enters an order, judgment or decree approving 
a petition filed against Lessee seeking any reorganization, arrangement, 
composition, readjustment, liquidation, dissolution or similar  relief under any 
present or future bankruptcy or other applicable law; or, 
(3) 
Any trustee, receiver or liquidator of Lessee or of all or any substantial part of 
Lessee's property or its leasehold interest in the Premises is appointed without the 
consent or acquiescence of Lessee; and such order, judgment, decree or 
appointment remains unvacated or unstayed for an aggregate of sixty (60) days 
(whether consecutive or nonconsecutive). 
(c) 
Termination for Convenience. 
(1) 
Lessor may terminate this Lease for convenience (hereinafter “Termination for 
Convenience”) upon thirty (30) days’ written notice to Lessee. 
(2) 
In the event this Lease is terminated for default, and it is later determined  that 
Lessee was not in default, then such termination shall be deemed a Termination 
for Convenience. 
(d) 
Termination for Governmental Purpose. This Lease may be terminated should  Lessor or 
a superior governmental authority decide termination is necessary for a governmental    purpose. 
 
SECTION 19. SURRENDER 
(a) 
Upon the expiration or termination of this Lease, 
(1) 
Lessee shall peaceably deliver up and surrender the Premises to Lessor in the 
same condition as on the begin date, ordinary wear and tear excepted; 
(2) 
all permanent alterations, installations, changes, replacements, additions or 
improvements that have been made by Lessee to the Premises and cannot be 
removed without material damage to the remainder of the Premises, shall be 
deemed a part of the Premises and the same shall not be removed; and, 
(3) 
all Lessor Property shall remain upon the Premises and shall be deemed to  be part 
of the Premises and the property of Lessor thereafter. Lessee shall  surrender all 
Lessor Property in as good a condition as on the date of receipt, ordinary wear 
and tear excepted. 
(b) 
Any property remaining on the Premises or any property stored by Lessor which has not 
been claimed and removed from the Nashville Farmers’ Market by Lessee within ten (10) days after the 
expiration or termination of this Lease shall be deemed abandoned by Lessee.   At Lessor’s option, Lessor 
may take possession of and treat it as its own property (using or disposing of it at will) or store it at 
Lessee’s sole cost, expense and risk. Lessee hereby waives any right to claim the value thereof or 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


{N0695658.1} 
damages therefore. 
(c) 
After the surrender of the Premises, Lessor shall inspect and as certain the condition of 
the premises and damage, if any, and shall determine the cost of any cleaning or repair deemed necessary 
by Lessor. Lessee shall pay such cost to and no later than ten (10) days   following written demand by 
Lessor. 
(d) 
If Lessee fails to surrender the Premises to Lessor, as required herein, Lessee shall pay 
Lessor FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($500.00) per day until Lessee surrenders the Premises, as and 
for liquidated damage, said amount being due and payable daily. 
SECTION 20. MISCELLANEOUS 
(a) 
Authority to Enter Agreement. The Lessee signatory below is the Lessee or   personally 
warrants holding full authority to enter this contract on behalf of Lessee. 
(b) 
Acknowledgement. The Parties hereto, or their authorized representatives, acknowledge 
that they have read this Lease, including any attachments thereto, and have sought  and received whatever 
competent advice and counsel necessary for them to form a full and complete understanding of all rights 
and obligations hereunder. 
(c) 
Lease Documents. This Lease is comprised of the following documents, which shall 
govern in order of precedence below in the event of a discrepancy or ambiguity regarding the duties, 
responsibilities, and performance under this Lease: 
(1) 
This Lease, including any attachments, signed by the Parties, approved, and filed 
with the Metropolitan Clerk; 
(2) 
Any duly authorized amendment signed by the Parties, approved, and filed with 
the Metropolitan Clerk; 
(3) 
Lessor’s Market House Tenant Rules and Policies Handbook, rules, guidelines, 
and facility-use  policies, as may be amended from time to time, are made a part 
of this Lease as though set forth in their entirety; and 
(4) 
The Nashville Farmers’ Market Lease between the State of Tennessee and   the 
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County (originally dated 
May 18, 1995), as amended, incorporated by reference. 
(d) 
Force Majeure. No party shall have any liability to the other hereunder by reason of any 
delay or failure to perform any obligation or covenant if the delay or failure to perform is due to a force 
majeure event, meaning any act of God, storm, fire, casualty, pandemic or epidemic, as reported by the 
World Health Organization (WHO) or Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) or the National 
Institutes of Health (NIH), measures of government authority taken in response to a pandemic or 
epidemic, work stoppage, strike, lockout, labor dispute, civil disturbance, riot, war, national emergency, 
act of Government, act of public enemy, or other cause of similar or dissimilar nature beyond its control. 
Upon a force majeure event, this Lease shall terminate and Lessee shall pay rent for said Premises only 
up to the time of such termination, at the rate herein specified.   
(e) 
No Assignment Without Consent. The provisions of this Lease shall inure to the benefit 
of and shall be binding on the respective successors and assigns of the Parties hereto. Neither this Lease 
nor any of the rights and obligations of Lessee hereunder shall be assigned or   transferred in whole or in 
part to any person, firm or corporation without the prior written consent of Lessor, which may be granted 
at the sole discretion of Lessor. Any such assignment or transfer shall not release Lessee from its 
obligations hereunder. Any approved assignee shall assume each and every obligation of Lessee 
hereunder, and Lessor may contract with or accept moneys from any such assignee without waiving any 
of its rights. The administrative cost to document an assignment of lease shall be FIVE HUNDRED 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


{N0695658.1} 
DOLLARS ($500.00). 
(f) 
Attorney Fees. Lessee agrees that in the event either party takes legal action to enforce 
any provision of this lease or to obtain a remedy for any breach of this lease, and in the event Lessor 
prevails in such action, Lessee shall pay all expenses of such action incurred at any  and all stages of 
litigation, including costs, and reasonable attorney fees for Lessor. 
(g) 
Applicable Law and Venue. The Parties agree that this Lease is entered and is to  be 
performed in the State of Tennessee, and that all provisions of this Lease and any dispute arising 
hereunder shall be governed by the laws of the State of Tennessee. Any dispute arising out of this Lease 
shall be litigated in the courts of Davidson County, Tennessee. 
(h) 
Licenses, Permits, and Taxes. Lessee shall be responsible for meeting all requirements 
and maintaining at its own expense all licenses, permits, certificates, and any other approvals or 
documentation, which may be required to properly and legally operate Lessee’s business at the Nashville 
Farmers’ Market. Lessee shall pay all taxes, fees, and charges required   by any governmental authority 
in connection with Lessee use of the Premises. Lessor shall not be responsible for any taxes imposed on 
Lessee, and Lessee understands it cannot claim exemption from taxes by virtue of any exemption that 
is provided to Lessor. 
(i) 
Waiver. Any failure of Lessor to act in response to any breach of any of the provisions of 
this Lease shall not be considered as a waiver of its right to act on any subsequent violation or violations 
by Lessee, the right to terminate this Lease because of a material breach being a continuing one. No 
waiver by Lessor of any default shall operate as a waiver of any other default, or the same default on a 
future occasion, and no single or partial exercise of a right or remedy shall preclude any other or further 
exercise thereof, or the exercise of any other right or remedy. 
(j) 
Partnership/Joint Venture. The Parties hereto are neither partners nor joint venturers and 
neither shall the Parties hold themselves out to be partners or joint venturers. This  Agreement shall not 
be construed as a partnership, joint venture, or association. Anything herein to the contrary 
notwithstanding, Lessee is not the agent of Lessor. It is expressly acknowledged that Lessor and Lessee 
are independent Parties. The employees or agents of one Party shall not be deemed or construed to be 
the employees or agents of the other Party for any purpose whatsoever. The Parties shall hold the status 
of Lessor and Lessee only. 
(k) 
Notices. All notices required or permitted herein shall be delivered to a Party in person, 
by United States Mail, or by private courier and as indicated below. Both Parties shall provide courtesy 
copies of all notices by email to the email addresses listed below.  Either Party shall have the right, by 
giving written notice to the other, to change the address at which its notices are  to be received. 
 
LESSOR:  
 
 
 
 
 
LESSEE: 
Market Director 
Nashville Farmers’ Market 
900 Rosa L. Parks Blvd. 
Nashville, TN 37208 
Darrell.lane@nashville.gov 
High Note Gifts LLC dba Made in TN 
Ilex Ponders 
2110 Gladstone Ave. 
Nashville, TN 37211 
ilex@shopmadeintn.com 
 
(l) 
Notice of Claims. Each Party agrees to give the other Party immediate notice in writing 
of any action or suit filed related in any way to this Lease, and of any claim made against  it by any entity 
which may result in litigation related in any way to this Lease. 
(m) 
Attornment. Lessee shall attorn to any party succeeding to Lessor's interest in the 
Premises, whether by purchase, foreclosure, deed in lieu of foreclosure, power of sale, termination of 
lease, or otherwise, upon such party's request, and shall execute such agreements confirming such 
Attornment as such party may reasonably request. Should the Nashville Farmers’ Market Lease between 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


{N0695658.1} 
the State of Tennessee and the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County be 
terminated, the State of Tennessee, in its discretion, may become the lessor. 
(n) 
Entire Agreement. This Lease and its Attachments or Exhibits constitute the totality of 
the agreement between the Parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and supersede all prior 
agreements, understandings, negotiations and discussions, whether oral or written, of the Parties, and 
there are no warranties, representations, or other agreements between  the Parties in connection with the 
subject matter hereof except as set forth specifically herein. 
(o) 
Amendment. This Lease is subject to modification, alteration, amendment or change only 
upon the mutual agreement of Lessor and Lessee, reduced to writing and signed by the Parties. Any 
amendment, as prescribed herein, shall be of full force and effect, as though originally agreed to and 
incorporated herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment shall become effective until it is 
approved by the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County Directors of Finance, 
Insurance, and Law and filed with the Metropolitan Clerk. 
(p) 
Severability. If a court of competent jurisdiction holds that one or more clauses, sections 
or provisions of this Lease is unlawful, invalid or unenforceable, the Parties hereto agree that all 
remaining clauses, sections and provisions shall continue in full force and effect. 
(q) 
   Compliance. Lessee shall comply with all laws, regulations and requirements of county, 
municipal, state, federal, and other applicable governmental authorities. Lessee shall comply with all 
regulations, orders and other requirements issued or made pursuant to any such ordinances and statutes, 
including, without limitation, Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 ("ADA"), 
including the 2010 ADA Standards for Accessible Design, (enacted by law on March 15, 2012, as 
adopted by Lessor), and the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Act ("OSHA"). Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, Lessor shall cause the structural portions of the Nashville Farmers’ Market, including the 
Premises, to comply with all applicable statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, orders, and requirements 
now or hereafter applicable thereto including, but not limited to, any requirements imposed under the 
ADA or OSHA; provided, however, if with respect to the Premises, such compliance is necessitated by 
reason of Lessee's particular manner of using the Premises, then such compliance will be accomplished 
by Lessee at Lessee’s expense. 
(r) 
Independent Covenants. LESSOR EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED 
WARRANTY THAT THE PREMISES ARE SUITABLE FOR LESSEE’S INTENDED 
COMMERCIAL PURPOSE. IT IS FURTHER EXPRESSLY AGREED AND UNDERSTOOD BY 
LESSEE THAT LESSEE’S OBLIGATION TO PAY RENT HEREUNDER IS ANINDEPENDENT 
COVENANT, AND LESSOR’S FAILURE TO PERFORM ANY OF ITS OBLIGATIONS OR 
RESPONSIBILITIES HEREUNDER SHALL NOT RESULT IN AN ABATEMENT OR 
REDUCTION OF RENT, ENTITLE LESSEE TO WITHHOLD ANY RENT OR OTHERWISE 
AFFECT LESSEE’S LIABILITY FOR THE PAYMENT OF ALL RENT DUE HEREUNDER. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


{N0695658.1} 
Attachment 1 
Market House Conceptual Plan 
 
 
 
• AS IS – There are no conceptual  changes to the leased space.
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


{N0695658.1} 
Attachment 2 
Approved Equipment 
 
 
 
• AS  IS – There are no equipment changes to the leased space.
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


{N0695658.1} 
Attachment 3 
Approved Prepared Food/Retail Product 
 
 
• Lessee is approved to  sell local Made in Tennessee retail products.
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


{N0695658.1} 
Attachment 4 
Market House Tenant Rules and Policies Handbook 
 
 
 
• Refer to Attachment 4: Nashville Farmers Market Tenant Rules and Policies Handbook.
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


23 
{N0506097.1} 
LEASE 20131212 
 
{N0695658.1} 
Attachment 5 
Common Area Maintenance Factor  and Rent Calculation Formula  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Definitions: 
• Lessee Usable Space – The amount of square footage as referenced in Section 2 (a). 
• Common Area Factor otherwise known as CAM – Amount of common area space shared equally 
amongst all tenants. 
• Rentable Area – Total amount of space that a tenant pays for based on total rentable area 
calculation as defined in formula. 
• Rentable price per square foot – Amount per square foot of total rentable square footage as 
defined in total rentable area calculation. 
• Utility Fee – Amount per square foot of total rentable square footage as defined in total rentable 
area calculation.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


24 
{N0506097.1} 
LEASE 20131212 
 
{N0695658.1} 
Attachment 6 
Percentage Rent Threshold Calculation 
 
If Lessee’s annual sales exceed the sales breakpoint, then Lessee would pay Lessor a 
percentage of net sales annually, according to the sample table below and by the due date set 
forth in Section 4(b)(6) of this Lease. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


25 
{N0506097.1} 
LEASE 20131212 
 
{N0695658.1} 
 
 
Attachment 7 
Composting, Recycling and Food Waste Reduction Plan 
 
• All applicable items must be delivered to the customer utilizing reusable, recyclable, and/or 
compostable packaging. 
• Lessee will NOT use any type of Styrofoam cups, plates, to go containers, bowls, etc. 
• Lessee will recycle cardboard and all other recyclable materials. 
• Lessee will compost food waste and all other compostable materials. 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
1 
 
 
 
 
Nashville Farmers’ Market  
Market House Tenant Rules and Policies Handbook 
 
Updated February 23, 2026 
 
Farmers, makers, and small businesses are the cornerstone of the Nashville Farmers' Market (referred to as “the 
market” in the remainder of this document). Since its inception in the 1800s, the market has offered these small 
businesses the opportunity to vend more than 350 days a year.  
 
Nashville Farmers' Market tenant benefits: 
 
● 
A welcoming, diverse community of tenants and supporters 
● 
More than 1,500 surface parking spaces conveniently located within half a mile 
● 
Opportunity to be featured in seasonal events, workshops, advertising, etc. 
● 
Support from market staff to help promote business efforts. 
 
About the Nashville Farmers' Market: The market operates daily as a retail hub and small business incubation 
center for farmers, artisans, and small businesses that desire to serve the region. The market is located on a 9-
acre property in the urban core of Nashville, within walking distance of many local neighborhoods, including 
Germantown, Salemtown, the Gulch, and the downtown district. The public facility includes two outdoor sheds, a 
garden center, a shared commissary kitchen, a pop-up incubation kitchen and a food hall with roughly 30 diverse 
dining options and retail stores. 
 
Mission statement: Curating an inclusive destination marketplace that fosters a connection between the 
Nashville community and the farmers, foods, and artisans who contribute to our food system.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Attachment 4
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
2 
 
Table of contents 
 
Application and rates - page 2 
Staff and services - page 4 
Payment - page 6 
Market house vending requirements - page 7 
Premises rules - page 10 
Rules of conduct - page 12 
Agreement and penalties - page 14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
3 
 
Application and rates 
 
How to apply to become a Market House Tenant  
 
1. Read this handbook in full before applying. Submitting your application means you agree to comply with 
the rules and policies set forth in this handbook, in addition to all applicable rules. You may review the 
Nashville Farmers’ Market rules by clicking here.  
2. Apply by clicking here. 
3. Upload the required documents for your vendor type as listed in the application. 
4. Answer all questions for approval. 
5. Review your application (incomplete applications will not be considered). 
 
Market management may request additional information, a meeting, and/or product samples if considering your 
application for approval. After an internal review of applications, market staff will select a finalist to make a 
presentation to the Nashville Farmers’ Market Board during a public meeting. 
 
Please note: the application process at the Nashville Farmers’ Market is competitive. Acceptance of tenants 
will be at the discretion of market management and the Board. Applications will be approved as needed by the 
market’s management team based on criteria including, but not limited to: 
 
● 
Product offerings should diversify current offerings 
● 
Product assortment should appeal to residents of and visitors to Nashville 
● 
Restaurant menus should reflect farm-sourced food; healthy options preferred 
● 
Tenants must source and utilize green / sustainable materials and support ongoing recycling  
  
efforts of the market 
● 
 Businesses selling products they grow or make themselves are preferred. Market-readiness 
including marketing, branding and merchandising 
● 
A track record of a strong business plan and financials, marketing experience, positive conduct,  
  
adherence to policies, attendance records, if applicable, etc. 
 
Market management reserves the right to deny an application for any reason or no reason. 
 
Required documents 
 
Insurance: All tenants must carry general liability insurance, including product liability insurance, and property 
insurance, at a minimum of $1 million. Tenants must carry liability insurance for vehicles owned, non-owned, and 
hired with a minimum of $1 million and include coverage for loading and unloading hazards. Tenants shall 
maintain workers’ compensation insurance with statutory limits required by the State of Tennessee or other 
applicable laws and Employer’s Liability Insurance with limits of no less than one hundred thousand dollars 
($100,000) as required by the laws of Tennessee, except such insurance is not required for companies with fewer 
than five employees.  Liquor Liability Insurance shall be in full force and effect if Lessee will serve alcoholic 
beverages. Tenants’ certificate of insurance shall name both the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and 
Davidson County and the State of Tennessee as additional insureds.  All tenants shall maintain all other coverage 
as required by law. Copies of current certificates of insurance must be provided with the application. If insurance 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
4 
expires during the season, the tenant must provide a copy of the renewed insurance policy at the time of policy 
expiration. If any insurance policies required hereunder cannot be obtained, maintained, and replaced as 
necessary, for any reason, lessor may require lessee to cease any and all operation until coverage is obtained. 
 
Licenses / permits: Tenants must provide business licenses, sales tax certificates and other applicable 
documents, such as Health Department inspections and Department of Agriculture certificates, to the market at 
the time of application, as well as provide updated licenses, permits, and certificates to market management as 
they are renewed. All products sold at the market must comply with local, state, and federal health ordinances, 
and applying vendors must provide documentation of compliance when submitting an application. Applications 
are not considered complete without all applicable permits. 
 
Rates: Lease rates will be communicated and presented by market staff to applicants during the tenant 
interviewing process. 
 
Please email Darrell Lane, Executive Director, at darrell.lane@nashville.gov, with questions about the 
application process. 
 
Staff and tenant services 
 
Market management: The market’s management team is responsible for administering and enforcing all market 
rules, policies and procedures, as well as ensuring public safety, hosting market kitchen demonstrations and 
managing market events and festivals. Market management is instructed to handle and resolve any issues that 
may arise during a market day, and all market staff members have authority to resolve issues in a civil and 
efficient manner.  The current management team and staff are: 
 
Darrell Lane, Executive Director: darrell.lane@nashville.gov 
Charles Kizer, Building Maintenance Superintendent: charles.kizer@nashville.gov  
David Griffin, Finance & Administration Manager: david.griffin@nashville.gov 
Courtney Cotton, Marketing Manager: courtney.cotton@nashville.gov 
Yolanda Manning, Kitchens Program Manager: yolanda.manning@nashville.gov 
Katie Cummings, Farm Sheds Coordinator: katie.cummings@nashville.gov 
 
Marketing and advertising: The market uses its marketing, advertising and social media tools to support the 
events and operations of the market as a whole. All tenants grant the market an unrestricted right and license to 
use their image, likeness, actions, and statements in any photograph, broadcast, telecast, social media post, or 
other transmission or reproduction of market premises without further authorization or compensation. 
 
As independent businesses, tenants are expected to execute their own marketing and social media plans. Market 
management uses marketing funds and assets, ads, newsletters, blogs and social media at its discretion. 
However, tagging market social media accounts and informing the market's Marketing Manager about special 
deals, events, and products that tenants may have can increase inclusion in market-related media. For more 
information about marketing, please reach out to Courtney Cotton, Marketing Manager, at 
courtney.cotton@nashville.gov.  
 
Newsletters: Market management uses emailed newsletters to communicate with market house tenants as well 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
5 
as the community at large. These regularly emailed newsletters include information about upcoming events, 
promotions and more. Merchants are responsible for reviewing these newsletters to stay informed regarding 
market happenings. 
 
Slack Code of Conduct for Information and Communications: Slack is an internal messaging app for 
businesses that quickly connects you to information you need to stay in the loop about important topics in real 
time. Slack makes access to NFM management and fellow businesses easy - you can message anyone and 
collaborate just like you would in person. Slack features dedicated spaces called channels so content is 
organized and easy to find. Slack is the mandatory and main internal communications tool for Nashville Farmers’ 
Market. Please review the links below to learn about Slack, how to use it, and how it will improve our 
communications. 
How to use Slack: 
1. Download the Slack app on your phone or computer. 
2. Visit Slack.com to watch a demo video here and review their FAQ section. 
3. Step 3: Review and acknowledge the rules and guidelines in this document 
4. Step 4: Notify a Slack admin (information below) that you have downloaded the app and are 
ready to be invited to the Nashville Farmers’ Market Slack channels. 
Slack admins: 
● 
Darrell Lane, Executive Director - Darrell.Lane@Nashville.gov 
● 
David Griffin, Finance & Administration Manager - David.Griffin@Nashville.gov 
● 
Courtney Cotton, Marketing Manager - Courtney.Cotton@Nashville.gov 
 
Slack rules and guidelines: 
As an entity of the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, the Nashville Farmers’ Market is 
subject to public records requests and as such all Slack messages fall under the Tennessee Public Records Act 
and are not confidential. 
The Nashville Farmer’s Market requests that information shared on Nashville Farmers’ Market Slack channels not 
be shared with the general public. Our Slack community is intended only for communication between those who 
work at the market in a vendor, staff or tenant capacity. 
Be sure that your login credentials and logged-in devices are secure. Please exercise caution and refrain from 
sharing sensitive information as any information shared in the Slack channel is a public record. 
Slack retains complete logs of all channels and direct messages for the Nashville Farmers’ Market. Slack is a 
U.S. company and is therefore subject to subpoenas from U.S. courts. Our logs may be subject to subpoena and 
could become public as part of legal proceedings.  
Nashville Farmers’ Market has a zero tolerance policy for harassment. Harassment includes all of the points listed 
in the appendix above, as well as a sustained disruption of discussion, continued one-on-one communication after 
requests to cease or publication of non-harassing private communication If you are being harassed, notice that 
someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact a Nashville Farmers’ Market Slack 
administrative member immediately. Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply 
immediately. If a participant engages in harassing behavior, Slack admins may take any action they deem 
appropriate, up to and including expulsion from the Nashville Farmers’ Market. 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
6 
The Kitchens at the Nashville Farmers’ Market: The market house is home to our Pop-Up Kitchen and 
Commissary, both of which are kitchens located inside of the market house. The intended purpose of these 
facilities is to provide chefs, caterers, food truck businesses and more with a space to kick-start their culinary 
business. The kitchens are commercially approved with state-of-the-art equipment, designed to support the 
economic development of our local food industry. Anyone interested in renting space in the Pop-Up Kitchen or the 
Commissary may contact Yolanda Manning at yolanda.manning@nashville.gov or 615-210-6919.  
 
Coolers, freezers and dry storage space: Tenants, Pop-Up Kitchen users, and Commissary users may rent 
walk-in coolers, freezers, and dry storage spaces (based on availability) from the market; payment is due upon 
signing an agreement. Anyone interested in renting these spaces may contact David Griffin, Finance & 
Administration Manager, at david.griffin@nashville.gov.  
 
Security: Security personnel are continuously on market property to provide public safety and regulate after-
hours entrance to the premises. Call 9-1-1 if there is a medical emergency or you are a victim of a crime on 
market premises. If you need to report a safety or security concern or a lost or stolen item, please contact a 
member of the security team immediately by calling or texting (629) 295-1606 or (629) 395-8058. 
 
Janitorial services: The market will provide janitorial for the cleaning and sanitation of common areas, 
restrooms, waste receptacles and grounds. Tenants are otherwise responsible for keeping their rented premises 
in a clean and sanitary condition free of trash, refuse, and debris.  If there is a janitorial issue, please contact 
market management or security personnel to report the issue immediately.   
 
Repair and maintenance: Requests for repair may be made submitted in writing to Charles Kizer, Building 
Maintenance Superintendent, at charles.kizer@nashville.gov. In the event of an emergency maintenance 
request, please contact market security at (629) 295-1606 or (626) 395-8058. The market is responsible for the 
following repairs: 
 
● 
Scheduling hood cleaning and annual inspections (if applicable) 
● 
Pest control 
● 
Plumbing 
● 
HVAC 
● 
Common area maintenance 
The tenant will be responsible for the following repairs: 
● 
Grease interceptors (if applicable) 
● 
Lessors’ property 
● 
Tenants’ property 
● 
Hood cleaning and annual inspections (if applicable 
 
Utilities:  The market will be responsible for providing common area lighting, heating, air conditioning, electricity, gas, 
water, central refuse collection area and garbage and recycling services.  As set forth in Section 4(b) (2) of the lease, 
the tenant will be responsible for paying its share of the costs for these services via the Utility Fee and Common Area 
Maintenance factor. The Utility Fee and Common Area Maintenance factor is described in Attachment 5 to the lease.  
The tenant will also be responsible for telephone, internet, cable. More information on Utilities may be found in Section 
8 of the lease. 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
7 
 
 
Payment 
 
Advance payment: All tenants are expected to make payment by the 5th of each calendar month using an ACH 
Transfer, check, money order, or other means approved by the market’s finance office. Checks can be mailed to: 
Nashville Farmers’ Market 
Attn: Finance Office 
900 Rosa L. Parks Blvd. 
Nashville, TN 37208 
 
No cash payments will be accepted. Personal checks, cashier checks, and money orders can be mailed or 
dropped off in person at the market’s management office between 9 a.m. and 3 p.m. on Monday – Friday. After-
hours check payments can be made utilizing the safe drop box outside the office door. Personal checks are only 
acceptable from tenant accounts in good standing. Returned / bounced checks are automatically sent to 
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County's collections department and are assessed a non-
sufficient funds (NSF) fee of $10. 
 
It is the tenant’s responsibility to remain in good standing. If a payment is made after the 5th of each month, a $50 
late charge will be applied to your account. Past due balances that roll into the following month are subject to a 
$250 late charge, as and for liquidated damages. 
 
All other charges, including any late charges, penalties for violations, or payment for property damage shall also 
be due by the 5th of the month following notice of such charges.  
 
If you are having issues paying your rent, please reach out to the finance office prior to missing a payment. 
Please contact David Griffin, Finance & Administration Manager, at david.griffin@nashville.gov for questions or 
payment information. 
 
Market house vending requirements 
 
Market house days and hours of operation 
 
● 
Building hours: 8 a.m. - 8 p.m.  
● 
Tenant required operating hours: 11 a.m. - 4 p.m., seven days per week, excluding the market’s observed 
holidays (New Year’s Eve, New Year’s Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day). 
● 
Market house closures: The market may host events in the common areas of the market (“event rentals”). 
The market may close at 3 p.m., up to eight days each year, for the purpose of hosting event rentals. The 
market may also schedule additional event rentals to begin at 5 p.m. on other days throughout the year.  
Setup for event rentals may occur during regular business operating hours.  The market shall provide the 
tenant with 10 days’ notice of any event rental.  Whether the tenant must close operations or remain open 
for business during event rentals shall be at the market’s sole determination. 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
8 
All tenants are required to operate their businesses on all days the market is open to the public unless otherwise 
communicated to and approved by market management. Tenants who close their business during required 
operating hours without prior permission from market management are subject to a $50 fine per day of non-
approved business closure. Market management will approve closures for reasons including maintenance or 
equipment failures, facility issues, and market-wide closures, so long as tenants seek prior approval for such 
closure from market management. 
 
Tenant premises and use 
 
 
● 
Tenant operations must stay within boundaries of their rented, assigned space(s). The placement of 
tenant merchandise or other items in the aisles or anywhere outside the rented space(s) is prohibited, 
unless approved by market management.  
● 
Blocking a roadway with merchandise, equipment or for loading/unloading purposes is strictly prohibited.  
● 
In-house walkways must remain clear at all times for customers during operating hours.  
 
Vendor kiosk carts/temporary floor spaces: Rolling vendor kiosk carts and/or temporary floor spaces are 
available for rent inside the market house, with a minimum of a three-month commitment. Required operating 
days and hours are Friday, Saturday, and Sunday from 11 a.m. - 4 p.m., excluding market-approved holidays. 
Kiosk carts are assigned designated spaces in the market house. Market management considers a variety of 
factors in determining cart placements, including visibility for a business, as well as consideration of what may 
disadvantage or block other businesses. Relocation of carts is not permitted.  
 
Kiosk cart renters are permitted to add a magnet to the kiosk for branding and are welcome to remove any 
shelves or fixtures that are not of use. Please secure storage of any of these fixtures inside of the cart. Kiosk cart 
renters are responsible for loading, storing, and securing products for sale on carts. Renters will also be provided 
with a cart cover, but each renter will need to supply their own lock. Each kiosk cart comes with a remote control 
that operates cart lighting. Market management provides AAA batteries for these remotes.  No merchandise is 
permitted on the floor area around the kiosk cart, but kiosk cart renters may provide their own single bar stool for 
sitting. If you need assistance with kiosk cart tires, or have any other kiosk cart questions, please contact Charles 
Kizer, Building Maintenance Superintendent, at charles.kizer@nashville.gov.  
 
Events: The market hosts several special events annually, including weekend festivals. These events provide 
tenants with an opportunity to reach a large audience and market seasonal goods. Please refer to 
nashvillefarmersmarket.org for event details. Tenants are required to operate their business during all events 
unless otherwise approved by market management.    
 
Inclement weather policy: The market is open rain or shine.  Market management will make decisions to alter 
market operations and hours based on weather reports and on-site market conditions. It is within the authority of 
market staff to close the market early, open the market late, or cancel a market day due to severe or inclement 
weather. During inclement weather events, it is up to the individual tenants to weigh factors and make a decision 
about whether to attend the market (so long as the market remains open). Market closures will not count against 
market attendance records. Rent refunds and credits will not be provided for inclement weather closure except 
with written approval from management. 
 
Emergency Action Plan (EAP): In the event of an emergency, please follow all instructions from Farmers’ 
Market Security and Management Staff.  
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
9 
Sales reporting: Monthly net sales and transactions are required to be submitted to the market's finance office by 
the 20th day of each calendar month for the prior month. Repeated withholding of net sales information constitutes 
a policy violation.  
 
Food containers: Tenants shall only use market-approved food containers while in operation. 
 
Alcoholic beverages and other controlled substances: At all times and in all instances, the sale and 
consumption of alcoholic beverages at the market shall be in accordance with the approval and regulations of all 
state and local government regulatory agencies charged with the oversight thereof. Additionally, no alcoholic 
beverages shall be kept, bought, or sold in any rental space or other market location except pursuant to a current 
lease or as may be approved for an event. Consumption of alcoholic beverages is prohibited by any vendor or 
vendor’s staff during scheduled time of employment. Market approval relating to alcoholic beverages shall not 
indicate or otherwise imply regulatory approval or compliance, which is not within market purview. No illegal 
substances shall be consumed, kept, bought, or sold in any rental space or other market location. 
 
Cleanliness and safe food handling:  Tenants are expected to uphold or exceed the USDA and Metro Public 
Health Department standards regarding cleanliness and safe food handling. Each tenant’s health department 
rating must be visible to customers at all times. Failed inspections and/or re-inspections must be reported to 
market management within 48 hours of said inspection.  
Signage: Tenants are required to display signage of their company name. Pricing must be listed by type/weight 
(price sheet, signs or priced on item) throughout each day. Tenants are not allowed to tape or wrap signs to the 
columns in the market house. Tenants may use monitors to display menus and other marketing elements, upon 
market management approval. TVs can be no larger than 55” and must be muted.  No signs, banners, nails, 
screws or advertising material may be placed on any market building, walls, or doors without written approval 
from market management. Hand-written signage is not permitted in the market house. All signs and 
placement of signage must be approved by market management.  
 
Stanchions: If a customer line is impeding the common areas, it is the responsibility of the tenant to provide 
stanchions to provide order to the queue.  
 
 
Cameras: Although tenants are generally responsible for the security of their stations, the market has security 
cameras placed throughout the property. If a tenant or patron requests to capture video in response to a crime 
and the request is timely brought to market management’s attention, management will review relevant footage 
and release the footage to law enforcement at its discretion. Tenants may place cameras within their rented 
spaces only with written permission from market management, who will review camera placement and sample 
footage, among other factors. Tenants are not permitted to install cameras on market columns or other market 
fixtures. Tenants may only record footage within their space and may not record other spaces or vendors. 
Violation of any of these policies will result in immediate removal of cameras and can result in temporary 
suspension of business operations. 
 
Modifications to and devices on market property:  No physical attachments or modifications shall be 
constructed or installed on market property without prior approval. No electronic device of any kind, including 
televisions, radios, security devices, satellite dishes, etc. shall be installed without prior approval. No 
loudspeakers, radios, televisions, or similar devices shall be used in a manner such that they can be seen or 
heard outside of the tenant's premises without market approval.   
 
Nuisance: Tenants shall not make noises, create odors, or cause disturbances which could reasonably be found 
offensive by other tenants, employees, customers, or others, or conduct themselves in such a way that they 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
10 
disturb others’ quiet enjoyment of the market. 
 
Parking rules  
 
Parking: All tenants are required to park in designated areas when working at the market. On Saturdays and 
Sundays, tenants are expected to park in the nearby TN state parking lots to ensure adequate parking availability 
for customers (see map below for lot locations).   
 
Parking in fire lanes, doorways or places not designated as parking or loading zones is always prohibited. 
Overnight parking is strictly prohibited. Market management will provide alternative parking instructions in any 
instance when designated parking areas are impacted by road or lot closures. Further documentation including, 
but not limited to, state-issued handicap placards and medical records, may be required upon application for such 
an accommodation. Tenants who violate the parking policies of the market may be towed at the owner’s 
expense.  
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
11 
Loading zone: All loading and unloading of goods shall be done only at such times, in the areas, and through the 
entrances designated for such purposes by market management. Tenant property shall not be placed in the 
loading zone area for a period greater than 30 minutes. Tenants are to share use of the loading zone and may not 
discourage its use by other tenants. Tenants shall not place garbage or empty pallets or other objects on or 
around the loading zone or otherwise obstruct deliveries to the zone. The loading zone is not to be used to ship 
items from the market without written approval from market management. 
Other tenant rules  
 
Garbage / refuse: The market offers recycling, compost, and landfill waste collection at the on-premises waste 
center. All recycling, compost and garbage must be removed from rented spaces and placed inside the 
appropriate bins at the end of each day. Prior to that point, it must be kept in appropriate containers and kept 
within each tenants’ leased premises. Garbage must be in securely tied garbage bags. No refuse, rubbish, or 
pallets shall be stored in the market house common areas, including the loading zone. To keep the market area 
clean and presentable for customers, tenants must break down boxes, store trash in an orderly manner, and bring 
any excessive refuse to the waste center as needed. The market, at its option, may charge the tenant FIFTY 
DOLLARS ($50.00) per infraction, as and for liquidated damages. See lease attachment 7 for more information. 
 
Plumbing: The market’s plumbing facilities, including grease interceptors, are only to be used for the purposes 
for which they were designed, and tenants shall avoid placing foreign substances inside the plumbing. Damage 
resulting from a violation of this policy shall be repaired at the cost of the tenant who, or whose 
employees, agents, or invitees, caused such damage. 
 
Shipping and deliveries: Delivery and shipping of merchandise, supplies, and fixtures to and from the market 
shall be subject to market management policies. 
 
After-hours entry: Only authorized persons will be permitted to enter after hours. For after-hours entry to the 
premises, individuals must contact market security at (629) 295-1606 or (626) 395-8058 for approval. 
 
Prohibited items: Selling or displaying any of the following is strictly prohibited: 
 
● 
Items that violate federal, state, or local laws 
● 
Stolen or counterfeit items 
● 
Medications of any type 
● 
Live animals 
● 
Weapons (anything manifestly designed, made, or adapted for the purpose of inflicting death or serious  
 
bodily injury; or anything that in the manner of its intended use is capable of causing death or serious  
 
bodily injury) 
● 
Items, including signage and literature, that, at the sole determination of market management,  
are obscene or otherwise condone or display nudity, racism, sexism, etc., in violation of the Metropolitan 
Government’s harassment-free workplace policy. 
 
Smoking and vaping: Smoking and vaping are prohibited on market grounds, including inside the market’s iron 
gates, patio areas, farm sheds, garden center, and inside the market house. 
 
Fire: Open flame is prohibited at the market by order of the fire marshal. It is prohibited to burn trash on market 
property.  Burning incense is also prohibited. 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
12 
Pets: Leashed pets and service animals are permitted inside the iron fence, in and between the sheds and within 
patio areas. Tenants are not permitted to bring domestic pets to the market house during operating hours. In 
accordance with the Nashville Department of Health regulations, well-behaved, leashed pets are welcomed in 
outdoor market areas, including the farm sheds and outdoor patios. We are committed to serving customers with 
disabilities and permit the use of service animals throughout the indoor and outdoor campus. All registered and 
trained service animals should have a current license tag affixed to the animal’s collar as required by Chapter 
8.04 of the Metropolitan code. 
 
Soliciting: Soliciting is prohibited without written authorization from market management. This includes, but is not 
limited to, ambush marketing and petitioners. Individuals and organizations are not permitted to solicit in the 
market house. 
 
Rules of conduct 
 
Tenant conduct: Market management expects all tenants and their staff to conduct themselves in a manner that 
contributes to a positive shopping experience for market customers. Tenant staff should be well-versed in the 
products they are selling and provide positive customer service to ensure a pleasant shopping experience.  
 
We ask that tenants not leave their business unattended during market hours. If a tenant is working alone and 
needs a break, the tenant should ask a neighbor for help. Courtesy and respect are essential to the success of 
the market and its tenants.  
 
Market management expects tenants and their employees to be honest and to conduct themselves in a courteous 
and friendly manner with other market participants, staff, service providers and shoppers. Inappropriate conduct 
or language toward other tenants, customers, or management - whether in person or by electronic media - will not 
be tolerated and may be grounds for immediate termination and dismissal from the market. 
 
Applicable laws: Tenants shall not violate any applicable local, state, or federal laws or regulations and shall 
obtain all necessary permits and licensures. Tenants may not engage in any illegal or hazardous conduct.   
 
Gifts: Tenants shall not offer gifts, remuneration, or things of value of any kind to market board members, market 
staff, market contractors, or employees of the Metropolitan Government.   
 
Non-discrimination: It is the policy of the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County not to 
discriminate on the basis of age, race, sex, color, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability in 
its hiring and employment practices, or in admission to, access to, or operation of its programs, services and 
activities. No person shall be excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, be discriminated against in the 
admission or access to, or be discriminated against in treatment or employment in the Metropolitan Government 
of Nashville and Davidson County’s contracted programs or activities, on the grounds of handicap and/or 
disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other classification protected by federal or state 
constitutional or statutory law. 
Any tenant found to be violating this policy is subject to penalties, including possible suspension or expulsion from 
the market. 
Harassment-free workplace policy: The following is applicable to all tenants and their staff, market staff, service 
providers, and board members. Anyone who experiences harassment is encouraged to report the incident to 
market management. Complaints about market management may be reported to the Metropolitan Government’s 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
13 
Human Resources Department.   
The market is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. 
Everyone has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and 
prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices including harassment. Therefore, the market expects that all 
relationships among persons in the office and markets will be businesslike and free of bias, prejudice and 
harassment. It is the policy of the market to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or 
harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, 
immigration status, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, or status as a covered veteran. The market 
prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.  
 
Any tenant found to be violating this policy is subject to penalties, including possible suspension or expulsion from 
the market. 
 
Definitions of harassment 
 
Sexual harassment constitutes discrimination and is illegal under federal, state and local laws. For the purposes 
of this policy, sexual harassment is defined, as in the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission Guidelines, as 
unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors and other verbal or physical conduct of a sexual nature 
when, for example: 
 
● 
Submission to such conduct is made either explicitly or implicitly a term or condition of an  
individual's employment 
● 
Submission to or rejection of such conduct by an individual is used as the basis for employment  
decisions affecting such individuals 
● 
Such conduct has the purpose or effect of unreasonably interfering with an individual's work  
performance or creating an intimidating, hostile or offensive working environment. 
 
Sexual harassment may include a range of subtle and not-so-subtle behaviors and may involve individuals of the 
same or different genders. Depending on the circumstances, these behaviors may include unwanted sexual 
advances or requests for sexual favors; sexual jokes and innuendo; verbal abuse of a sexual nature; commentary 
about an individual's body, sexual prowess or sexual deficiencies; leering, whistling or touching; insulting or 
obscene comments or gestures; display in the workplace of sexually suggestive objects or pictures; and other 
physical, verbal or visual conduct of a sexual nature. 
  
Harassment on the basis of any other protected characteristic is also strictly prohibited. Under this policy, 
harassment is verbal, written or physical conduct that denigrates or shows hostility or aversion toward an 
individual because of their race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, immigration status or 
citizenship, age, disability, marital status, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected 
by law or that of their relatives, friends or associates, and that: a) has the purpose or effect of creating an 
intimidating, hostile or offensive work environment; b) has the purpose or effect of unreasonably interfering with 
an individual's work performance; or c) otherwise adversely affects an individual's employment opportunities.  
 
Harassing conduct includes epithets, slurs or negative stereotyping; threatening, intimidating or hostile acts; 
denigrating jokes; and written or graphic material that denigrates or shows hostility or aversion toward an 
individual or group and that is placed on walls or elsewhere on the employer's premises or circulated in the 
workplace, on company time or using company equipment via email, phone (including voice messages), text 
messages, tweets, blogs, social networking sites, or other means.  
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


 
{N0695660.1} 
14 
 
These policies apply to all tenants, employees and off-site markets where the market operates, whether related to 
conduct engaged in by fellow employees or someone not directly connected to the market (e.g., an outside 
vendor, consultant or customer). Conduct prohibited by these policies is unacceptable in the workplace and in any 
work-related setting outside the workplace, such as during business trips, business meetings and business-
related social events. 
 
Grievance policy: If a tenant has a grievance regarding the market, its staff, or any member of the vending 
community, it must be submitted in writing to market management within 30 days of the occurrence so that the 
grievance can be properly investigated. Market management will make a good faith effort to resolve the matter 
within ten calendar days. If the grievant wishes to appeal market management’s decision, the appeal should be 
filled in writing with the Chair of the Farmers’ Market Board of Commissioners’ within 30 days. The Board of 
Commissioners shall render a decision at the next regularly scheduled meeting after the appeal has been filled.  
For more information, please reference the Nashville Farmers’ Market Rules by clicking here. The market 
prohibits retaliation against any individual who files a grievance or who participates in an investigation of such 
reports. The market seeks to foster a safe and inclusive environment for all, and grievance claims will be pursued 
with the utmost concern and promptness to ensure resolution.   
 
Please contact Darrell Lane, Executive Director, at darrell.lane@nashville.gov if you have experienced a 
violation of any of these rules. 
 
Agreement and penalties 
 
As a condition of submitting an application to become a tenant at the market, applicants agree to comply with the 
rules and policy handbook and with all applicable Nashville Farmers’ Market rules, which can be found by 
clicking here.  
 
Violations and penalties: Violations or failure to comply with any market rules and policies will generally result in 
the following disciplinary action from market management: 
 
● 
First offense: A verbal warning with documentation of the offense 
● 
Second offense: A written warning and a $50 violation fee per offense 
● 
Third offense: Suspension for a period of time, designated by market management 
● 
Fourth offense: Termination of license / lease agreement, with 30 days’ written notice 
 
Penalties depend on the severity of the offense, and market management may apply such penalties at its 
discretion. All violations of market rules, policies or directives constitute a breach of license to operate at the 
market. Extreme violations can result in the permanent loss of any or all market privileges and contract 
termination, as well as associated charges, fees, and damages. 
 
Amending policies: Market rules and policies may be altered, amended, or replaced by the executive director of 
the market, or by a majority vote of the Nashville Farmers’ Market Board at any regular or special meeting, as 
applicable.  
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


04/10/2026
Insight Risk - Nashville
2699 Fessey Ct
Suite 100
Nashville
TN 37204
Lindsey Gordon
lgordon@irmllc.com
High Note Gifts, LLC, DBA: Made in TN
2110 Gladstone Ave
Suite 127
Nashville
TN 37211
Frankenmuth Mutual Insurance Company
13986
CL25121280052
A
Y
6733434
11/13/2025
11/13/2026
1,000,000
1,000,000
10,000
1,000,000
2,000,000
2,000,000
A
6733433
11/14/2025
11/14/2026
1,000,000
Uninsured Motorist
1,000,000
A
Y
6733432
11/13/2025
11/13/2026
1,000,000
1,000,000
1,000,000
State of Tennessee William R. Snodgrass Tennessee Tower 312 Rosa L. Parks Blvd
Nashville, Tennessee  37243 is additional insured when required by a written agreement in respects to the General Liability Policy.
State of Tennessee William R. Snodgrass Tennessee Tower
312 Rosa L. Parks Blvd
Nashville
TN 37243
SHOULD ANY OF THE ABOVE DESCRIBED POLICIES BE CANCELLED BEFORE
THE EXPIRATION DATE THEREOF, NOTICE WILL BE DELIVERED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE POLICY PROVISIONS.
INSURER(S) AFFORDING COVERAGE
INSURER F :
INSURER E :
INSURER D :
INSURER C :
INSURER B :
INSURER A :
NAIC #
NAME:
CONTACT
(A/C, No):
FAX
E-MAIL
ADDRESS:
PRODUCER
(A/C, No, Ext):
PHONE
INSURED
REVISION NUMBER:
CERTIFICATE NUMBER:
COVERAGES
IMPORTANT:  If the certificate holder is an ADDITIONAL INSURED, the policy(ies) must have ADDITIONAL INSURED provisions or be endorsed.
If SUBROGATION IS WAIVED, subject to the terms and conditions of the policy, certain policies may require an endorsement.  A statement on
this certificate does not confer rights to the certificate holder in lieu of such endorsement(s).
THIS CERTIFICATE IS ISSUED AS A MATTER OF INFORMATION ONLY AND CONFERS NO RIGHTS UPON THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER. THIS
CERTIFICATE DOES NOT AFFIRMATIVELY OR NEGATIVELY AMEND, EXTEND OR ALTER THE COVERAGE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES
BELOW.  THIS CERTIFICATE OF INSURANCE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A CONTRACT BETWEEN THE ISSUING INSURER(S), AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OR PRODUCER, AND THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER.
OTHER:
(Per accident)
(Ea accident)
$
$
N / A
SUBR
WVD
ADDL
INSD
THIS IS TO CERTIFY THAT THE POLICIES OF INSURANCE LISTED BELOW HAVE BEEN ISSUED TO THE INSURED NAMED ABOVE FOR THE POLICY PERIOD
INDICATED.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANY REQUIREMENT, TERM OR CONDITION OF ANY CONTRACT OR OTHER DOCUMENT WITH RESPECT TO WHICH THIS
CERTIFICATE MAY BE ISSUED OR MAY PERTAIN, THE INSURANCE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES DESCRIBED HEREIN IS SUBJECT TO ALL THE TERMS,
EXCLUSIONS AND CONDITIONS OF SUCH POLICIES. LIMITS SHOWN MAY HAVE BEEN REDUCED BY PAID CLAIMS.
$
$
$
$
PROPERTY DAMAGE
BODILY INJURY (Per accident)
BODILY INJURY (Per person)
COMBINED SINGLE LIMIT
AUTOS ONLY
AUTOS
AUTOS ONLY
NON-OWNED
SCHEDULED
OWNED
ANY AUTO
AUTOMOBILE LIABILITY
Y / N
WORKERS COMPENSATION
AND EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY
OFFICER/MEMBER EXCLUDED?
(Mandatory in NH)
DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS below
If yes, describe under
ANY PROPRIETOR/PARTNER/EXECUTIVE
$
$
$
E.L. DISEASE - POLICY LIMIT
E.L. DISEASE - EA EMPLOYEE
E.L. EACH ACCIDENT
ER
OTH-
STATUTE
PER
LIMITS
(MM/DD/YYYY)
POLICY EXP
(MM/DD/YYYY)
POLICY EFF
POLICY NUMBER
TYPE OF INSURANCE
LTR
INSR
DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS / LOCATIONS / VEHICLES  (ACORD 101, Additional Remarks Schedule, may be attached if more space is required)
EXCESS LIAB
UMBRELLA LIAB
$
EACH OCCURRENCE
$
AGGREGATE
$
OCCUR
CLAIMS-MADE
DED
RETENTION $
$
PRODUCTS - COMP/OP AGG
$
GENERAL AGGREGATE
$
PERSONAL & ADV INJURY
$
MED EXP (Any one person)
$
EACH OCCURRENCE
DAMAGE TO RENTED
$
PREMISES (Ea occurrence)
COMMERCIAL GENERAL LIABILITY
CLAIMS-MADE
OCCUR
GEN'L AGGREGATE LIMIT APPLIES PER:
POLICY
PRO-
JECT
LOC
CERTIFICATE OF LIABILITY INSURANCE
DATE (MM/DD/YYYY)
CANCELLATION
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
ACORD 25 (2016/03)
© 1988-2015 ACORD CORPORATION.  All rights reserved.
CERTIFICATE HOLDER
The ACORD name and logo are registered marks of ACORD
HIRED
AUTOS ONLY
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


Ilex & Sarah Pounders
Made in TN
Individuals, more than 1, Additional Named Insured
Doing Business As
Additional Named Insureds
Other Named Insureds
OFAPPINF (02/2007)
COPYRIGHT 2007, AMS SERVICES INC
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


Uninsured motorist combined single limit
UMCSL
1,000,000
Underinsured motorist combined single limit
UNCSL
1,000,000
ADDITIONAL COVERAGES
Ref #
Description
Edition Date
Form No.
Coverage Code
Limit 1
Limit 2
Limit 3
Deductible Amount
Deductible Type
Premium
Ref #
Description
Coverage Code
Form No.
Edition Date
Limit 1
Limit 2
Limit 3
Deductible Amount
Deductible Type
Premium
Ref #
Description
Coverage Code
Form No.
Edition Date
Limit 1
Limit 2
Limit 3
Deductible Amount
Deductible Type
Premium
Ref #
Description
Coverage Code
Form No.
Edition Date
Limit 1
Limit 2
Limit 3
Deductible Amount
Deductible Type
Premium
Ref #
Description
Coverage Code
Form No.
Edition Date
Limit 1
Limit 2
Limit 3
Deductible Amount
Deductible Type
Premium
Ref #
Description
Coverage Code
Form No.
Edition Date
Limit 1
Limit 2
Limit 3
Deductible Amount
Deductible Type
Premium
Ref #
Description
Coverage Code
Form No.
Edition Date
Limit 1
Limit 2
Limit 3
Deductible Amount
Deductible Type
Premium
Ref #
Description
Coverage Code
Form No.
Edition Date
Limit 1
Limit 2
Limit 3
Deductible Amount
Deductible Type
Premium
Ref #
Description
Coverage Code
Form No.
Edition Date
Limit 1
Limit 2
Limit 3
Deductible Amount
Deductible Type
Premium
Ref #
Description
Coverage Code
Form No.
Edition Date
Limit 1
Limit 2
Limit 3
Deductible Amount
Deductible Type
Premium
Ref #
Description
Coverage Code
Form No.
Edition Date
Limit 1
Limit 2
Limit 3
Deductible Amount
Deductible Type
Premium
Copyright 2001, AMS Services, Inc.
OFADTLCV
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


04/10/2026
Insight Risk - Nashville
2699 Fessey Ct
Suite 100
Nashville
TN 37204
Lindsey Gordon
lgordon@irmllc.com
High Note Gifts, LLC, DBA: Made in TN
2110 Gladstone Ave
Suite 127
Nashville
TN 37211
Frankenmuth Mutual Insurance Company
13986
CL25121280052
A
Y
6733434
11/13/2025
11/13/2026
1,000,000
1,000,000
10,000
1,000,000
2,000,000
2,000,000
A
6733433
11/14/2025
11/14/2026
1,000,000
Uninsured Motorist
1,000,000
A
Y
6733432
11/13/2025
11/13/2026
1,000,000
1,000,000
1,000,000
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County Metro Courthouse, Suite 108 Nashville, Tennessee  37201 is additional insured when required
by a written agreement in respects to the General Liability policy.
Metropolitan Government of Nashville
and Davidson County
Metro Courthouse, Suite 108
Nashville
TN 37201
SHOULD ANY OF THE ABOVE DESCRIBED POLICIES BE CANCELLED BEFORE
THE EXPIRATION DATE THEREOF, NOTICE WILL BE DELIVERED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE POLICY PROVISIONS.
INSURER(S) AFFORDING COVERAGE
INSURER F :
INSURER E :
INSURER D :
INSURER C :
INSURER B :
INSURER A :
NAIC #
NAME:
CONTACT
(A/C, No):
FAX
E-MAIL
ADDRESS:
PRODUCER
(A/C, No, Ext):
PHONE
INSURED
REVISION NUMBER:
CERTIFICATE NUMBER:
COVERAGES
IMPORTANT:  If the certificate holder is an ADDITIONAL INSURED, the policy(ies) must have ADDITIONAL INSURED provisions or be endorsed.
If SUBROGATION IS WAIVED, subject to the terms and conditions of the policy, certain policies may require an endorsement.  A statement on
this certificate does not confer rights to the certificate holder in lieu of such endorsement(s).
THIS CERTIFICATE IS ISSUED AS A MATTER OF INFORMATION ONLY AND CONFERS NO RIGHTS UPON THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER. THIS
CERTIFICATE DOES NOT AFFIRMATIVELY OR NEGATIVELY AMEND, EXTEND OR ALTER THE COVERAGE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES
BELOW.  THIS CERTIFICATE OF INSURANCE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A CONTRACT BETWEEN THE ISSUING INSURER(S), AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OR PRODUCER, AND THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER.
OTHER:
(Per accident)
(Ea accident)
$
$
N / A
SUBR
WVD
ADDL
INSD
THIS IS TO CERTIFY THAT THE POLICIES OF INSURANCE LISTED BELOW HAVE BEEN ISSUED TO THE INSURED NAMED ABOVE FOR THE POLICY PERIOD
INDICATED.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANY REQUIREMENT, TERM OR CONDITION OF ANY CONTRACT OR OTHER DOCUMENT WITH RESPECT TO WHICH THIS
CERTIFICATE MAY BE ISSUED OR MAY PERTAIN, THE INSURANCE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES DESCRIBED HEREIN IS SUBJECT TO ALL THE TERMS,
EXCLUSIONS AND CONDITIONS OF SUCH POLICIES. LIMITS SHOWN MAY HAVE BEEN REDUCED BY PAID CLAIMS.
$
$
$
$
PROPERTY DAMAGE
BODILY INJURY (Per accident)
BODILY INJURY (Per person)
COMBINED SINGLE LIMIT
AUTOS ONLY
AUTOS
AUTOS ONLY
NON-OWNED
SCHEDULED
OWNED
ANY AUTO
AUTOMOBILE LIABILITY
Y / N
WORKERS COMPENSATION
AND EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY
OFFICER/MEMBER EXCLUDED?
(Mandatory in NH)
DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS below
If yes, describe under
ANY PROPRIETOR/PARTNER/EXECUTIVE
$
$
$
E.L. DISEASE - POLICY LIMIT
E.L. DISEASE - EA EMPLOYEE
E.L. EACH ACCIDENT
ER
OTH-
STATUTE
PER
LIMITS
(MM/DD/YYYY)
POLICY EXP
(MM/DD/YYYY)
POLICY EFF
POLICY NUMBER
TYPE OF INSURANCE
LTR
INSR
DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS / LOCATIONS / VEHICLES  (ACORD 101, Additional Remarks Schedule, may be attached if more space is required)
EXCESS LIAB
UMBRELLA LIAB
$
EACH OCCURRENCE
$
AGGREGATE
$
OCCUR
CLAIMS-MADE
DED
RETENTION $
$
PRODUCTS - COMP/OP AGG
$
GENERAL AGGREGATE
$
PERSONAL & ADV INJURY
$
MED EXP (Any one person)
$
EACH OCCURRENCE
DAMAGE TO RENTED
$
PREMISES (Ea occurrence)
COMMERCIAL GENERAL LIABILITY
CLAIMS-MADE
OCCUR
GEN'L AGGREGATE LIMIT APPLIES PER:
POLICY
PRO-
JECT
LOC
CERTIFICATE OF LIABILITY INSURANCE
DATE (MM/DD/YYYY)
CANCELLATION
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
ACORD 25 (2016/03)
© 1988-2015 ACORD CORPORATION.  All rights reserved.
CERTIFICATE HOLDER
The ACORD name and logo are registered marks of ACORD
HIRED
AUTOS ONLY
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


Ilex & Sarah Pounders
Made in TN
Individuals, more than 1, Additional Named Insured
Doing Business As
Additional Named Insureds
Other Named Insureds
OFAPPINF (02/2007)
COPYRIGHT 2007, AMS SERVICES INC
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


Uninsured motorist combined single limit
UMCSL
1,000,000
Underinsured motorist combined single limit
UNCSL
1,000,000
ADDITIONAL COVERAGES
Ref #
Description
Edition Date
Form No.
Coverage Code
Limit 1
Limit 2
Limit 3
Deductible Amount
Deductible Type
Premium
Ref #
Description
Coverage Code
Form No.
Edition Date
Limit 1
Limit 2
Limit 3
Deductible Amount
Deductible Type
Premium
Ref #
Description
Coverage Code
Form No.
Edition Date
Limit 1
Limit 2
Limit 3
Deductible Amount
Deductible Type
Premium
Ref #
Description
Coverage Code
Form No.
Edition Date
Limit 1
Limit 2
Limit 3
Deductible Amount
Deductible Type
Premium
Ref #
Description
Coverage Code
Form No.
Edition Date
Limit 1
Limit 2
Limit 3
Deductible Amount
Deductible Type
Premium
Ref #
Description
Coverage Code
Form No.
Edition Date
Limit 1
Limit 2
Limit 3
Deductible Amount
Deductible Type
Premium
Ref #
Description
Coverage Code
Form No.
Edition Date
Limit 1
Limit 2
Limit 3
Deductible Amount
Deductible Type
Premium
Ref #
Description
Coverage Code
Form No.
Edition Date
Limit 1
Limit 2
Limit 3
Deductible Amount
Deductible Type
Premium
Ref #
Description
Coverage Code
Form No.
Edition Date
Limit 1
Limit 2
Limit 3
Deductible Amount
Deductible Type
Premium
Ref #
Description
Coverage Code
Form No.
Edition Date
Limit 1
Limit 2
Limit 3
Deductible Amount
Deductible Type
Premium
Ref #
Description
Coverage Code
Form No.
Edition Date
Limit 1
Limit 2
Limit 3
Deductible Amount
Deductible Type
Premium
Copyright 2001, AMS Services, Inc.
OFADTLCV
Docusign Envelope ID: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
ARCHIVE


Certificate Of Completion
Envelope Id: 3DB83F88-0FC2-4F9D-AB4A-2682E2AC3335
Status: Completed
Subject: Complete with Docusign: NFM sublease agreement_High Note Gifts dba Made in TN ends 05.31.31.pdf
Source Envelope: 
Document Pages: 45
Signatures: 5
Envelope Originator: 
Certificate Pages: 5
Initials: 0
David Griffin
AutoNav: Enabled
EnvelopeId Stamping: Enabled
Time Zone: (UTC-08:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada)
david.griffin@nashville.gov
IP Address: 170.190.198.185
Record Tracking
Status: Original
             4/10/2026 1:45:16 PM
Holder: David Griffin
             david.griffin@nashville.gov
Location: DocuSign
Security Appliance Status: Connected
Pool: StateLocal
Signer Events
Signature
Timestamp
Sally Palmer
sally.palmer@nashville.gov
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Completed
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.185
Sent: 4/10/2026 1:51:15 PM
Viewed: 4/10/2026 1:58:14 PM 
Signed: 4/10/2026 2:01:24 PM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 4/10/2026 1:58:14 PM
      ID: 6b71f58a-125d-4dfe-b898-0078a587d479
William Radford
wradford@tnstate.edu
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 173.233.224.139
Sent: 4/10/2026 2:01:25 PM
Viewed: 4/14/2026 6:09:45 AM 
Signed: 4/14/2026 6:10:29 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 4/14/2026 6:09:45 AM
      ID: 1ee1417f-b71d-467b-b274-a5b4ce5d58c5
Jenneen Reed/mjw
maryjo.wiggins@nashville.gov
Finance Director
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.100
Sent: 4/14/2026 6:10:31 AM
Viewed: 4/14/2026 3:31:28 PM 
Signed: 4/14/2026 3:34:33 PM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 4/14/2026 3:31:28 PM
      ID: 90ef8da4-9f38-4f2f-809f-2c5b7099abd4
Balogun Cobb
balogun.cobb@nashville.gov
Insurance Division Manager
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.185
Sent: 4/14/2026 3:34:35 PM
Viewed: 4/15/2026 7:34:36 AM 
Signed: 4/15/2026 7:35:56 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 1/25/2023 12:43:11 PM
      ID: 2f510e9d-2556-4e22-86c5-c8b61288c9d4
ARCHIVE


Signer Events
Signature
Timestamp
Justin Marsh
justin.marsh@nashville.gov
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.185
Sent: 4/15/2026 7:35:58 AM
Viewed: 4/15/2026 7:57:03 AM 
Signed: 4/15/2026 8:01:06 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 4/15/2026 7:57:03 AM
      ID: 55091466-f3fa-4679-bb0e-056ba86d2405
Austin Kyle
metroclerk@nashville.gov
Stones River Region AACA
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.185
Sent: 4/15/2026 8:01:07 AM
Viewed: 4/16/2026 1:59:09 PM 
Signed: 4/16/2026 1:59:19 PM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 2/24/2023 8:52:30 AM
      ID: 4af1267f-650f-4c74-9869-8949f48e1397
In Person Signer Events
Signature
Timestamp
Editor Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Agent Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Intermediary Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Certified Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Carbon Copy Events
Status
Timestamp
Witness Events
Signature
Timestamp
Notary Events
Signature
Timestamp
Envelope Summary Events
Status
Timestamps
Envelope Sent
Hashed/Encrypted
4/10/2026 1:51:15 PM
Certified Delivered
Security Checked
4/16/2026 1:59:09 PM
Signing Complete
Security Checked
4/16/2026 1:59:19 PM
Completed
Security Checked
4/16/2026 1:59:19 PM
Payment Events
Status
Timestamps
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure
ARCHIVE


ELECTRONIC RECORD AND SIGNATURE DISCLOSURE  
From time to time, Farmers’ Market (we, us or Company) may be required by law to provide to 
you certain written notices or disclosures. Described below are the terms and conditions for 
providing to you such notices and disclosures electronically through the DocuSign system. 
Please read the information below carefully and thoroughly, and if you can access this 
information electronically to your satisfaction and agree to this Electronic Record and Signature 
Disclosure (ERSD), please confirm your agreement by selecting the check-box next to ‘I agree to 
use electronic records and signatures’ before clicking ‘CONTINUE’ within the DocuSign 
system. 
 
Getting paper copies  
At any time, you may request from us a paper copy of any record provided or made available 
electronically to you by us. You will have the ability to download and print documents we send 
to you through the DocuSign system during and immediately after the signing session and, if you 
elect to create a DocuSign account, you may access the documents for a limited period of time 
(usually 30 days) after such documents are first sent to you. After such time, if you wish for us to 
send you paper copies of any such documents from our office to you, you will be charged a 
$0.00 per-page fee. You may request delivery of such paper copies from us by following the 
procedure described below. 
 
Withdrawing your consent  
If you decide to receive notices and disclosures from us electronically, you may at any time 
change your mind and tell us that thereafter you want to receive required notices and disclosures 
only in paper format. How you must inform us of your decision to receive future notices and 
disclosure in paper format and withdraw your consent to receive notices and disclosures 
electronically is described below. 
 
Consequences of changing your mind  
If you elect to receive required notices and disclosures only in paper format, it will slow the 
speed at which we can complete certain steps in transactions with you and delivering services to 
you because we will need first to send the required notices or disclosures to you in paper format, 
and then wait until we receive back from you your acknowledgment of your receipt of such 
paper notices or disclosures. Further, you will no longer be able to use the DocuSign system to 
receive required notices and consents electronically from us or to sign electronically documents 
from us. 
 
All notices and disclosures will be sent to you electronically  
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure created on: 11/7/2022 9:26:08 AM
Parties agreed to: Sally Palmer, William Radford, Jenneen Reed/mjw, Balogun Cobb, Justin Marsh, Austin Kyle
ARCHIVE


Unless you tell us otherwise in accordance with the procedures described herein, we will provide 
electronically to you through the DocuSign system all required notices, disclosures, 
authorizations, acknowledgements, and other documents that are required to be provided or made 
available to you during the course of our relationship with you. To reduce the chance of you 
inadvertently not receiving any notice or disclosure, we prefer to provide all of the required 
notices and disclosures to you by the same method and to the same address that you have given 
us. Thus, you can receive all the disclosures and notices electronically or in paper format through 
the paper mail delivery system. If you do not agree with this process, please let us know as 
described below. Please also see the paragraph immediately above that describes the 
consequences of your electing not to receive delivery of the notices and disclosures 
electronically from us. 
 
How to contact Farmers’ Market:  
You may contact us to let us know of your changes as to how we may contact you electronically, 
to request paper copies of certain information from us, and to withdraw your prior consent to 
receive notices and disclosures electronically as follows: 
To contact us by email send messages to: david.griffin@nashville.gov 
 
To advise Farmers’ Market of your new email address  
To let us know of a change in your email address where we should send notices and disclosures 
electronically to you, you must send an email message to us at david.griffin@nashville.gov and 
in the body of such request you must state: your previous email address, your new email 
address.  We do not require any other information from you to change your email address.  
If you created a DocuSign account, you may update it with your new email address through your 
account preferences.  
 
To request paper copies from Farmers’ Market  
To request delivery from us of paper copies of the notices and disclosures previously provided 
by us to you electronically, you must send us an email to david.griffin@nashville.gov and in the 
body of such request you must state your email address, full name, mailing address, and 
telephone number. We will bill you for any fees at that time, if any. 
 
To withdraw your consent with Farmers’ Market  
To inform us that you no longer wish to receive future notices and disclosures in electronic 
format you may: 
ARCHIVE


i. decline to sign a document from within your signing session, and on the subsequent page, 
select the check-box indicating you wish to withdraw your consent, or you may; 
ii. send us an email to david.griffin@nashville.gov and in the body of such request you must 
state your email, full name, mailing address, and telephone number. We do not need any other 
information from you to withdraw consent..  The consequences of your withdrawing consent for 
online documents will be that transactions may take a longer time to process.. 
 
Required hardware and software  
The minimum system requirements for using the DocuSign system may change over time. The 
current system requirements are found here: https://support.docusign.com/guides/signer-guide-
signing-system-requirements.  
 
Acknowledging your access and consent to receive and sign documents electronically  
To confirm to us that you can access this information electronically, which will be similar to 
other electronic notices and disclosures that we will provide to you, please confirm that you have 
read this ERSD, and (i) that you are able to print on paper or electronically save this ERSD for 
your future reference and access; or (ii) that you are able to email this ERSD to an email address 
where you will be able to print on paper or save it for your future reference and access. Further, 
if you consent to receiving notices and disclosures exclusively in electronic format as described 
herein, then select the check-box next to ‘I agree to use electronic records and signatures’ before 
clicking ‘CONTINUE’ within the DocuSign system. 
By selecting the check-box next to ‘I agree to use electronic records and signatures’, you confirm 
that: 
 
You can access and read this Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure; and 
 
You can print on paper this Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure, or save or send 
this Electronic Record and Disclosure to a location where you can print it, for future 
reference and access; and 
 
Until or unless you notify Farmers’ Market as described above, you consent to receive 
exclusively through electronic means all notices, disclosures, authorizations, 
acknowledgements, and other documents that are required to be provided or made 
available to you by Farmers’ Market during the course of your relationship with Farmers’ 
Market. 
ARCHIVE
