/j -zisss
fa^groundA
N A S H V I L L E
DoGument # 
License Date 07/31/17
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE
ACTING BY AND THROUGH THE AUTHORITY DELEGATED TO
THE FAIRGROUNDS
BY THE METROPOLITAN BOARD OF FAIR COMMISSIONS
THE FAIRGROUNDS LICENSE AGREEMENT
By and Between the MetrbpoHton Board of Fair Commissioners ("Licensor") andReliant Hiring Solutions
("Licensee") to Wit: The Licensor agrees to furnish the Licensee the use of the folloVying premises:
Wilson Hall 
' 
I -
I
I
I
I 
^ 
r-
biiildihg(s) as is, with its present lighting, and if available, toilet facilities, water, heat, and office space for
only the purpose of
Hiring Expo September 29. 
.2017 
: 
-
^#5^#Tlie Fair^oimds does not sdlpw fortune telling or soliciting on the iproperty^lf^#'^
1. Definitions.
a. "Licensor" rneans the MctropoEian Ciovemment of KashviDe and, Davidspfl Cpuntj' acting
by and tluough the Metropolitan Board of Fair Gommissioners.
b. "iicensee" or "Prornptcd' means tiic entity^ or persOn(s) who possesses tlic rights covered
herein ai! granted by die Licensor.
c. "Executive Director" or "Director" rneanS die Executive Director of "ITie Fairgrounds. The
Executive Director shall have full responsibility for the openitioii of The Fairgrotuids and
sliall act for and on bdialf of Metropolitan Goverhmeht of Nashville and Davidson Countj'
and die Metropolitan Board of Fair CommissLonas ui the man^meiit of-11)0 F'aiigrounds.
d; "The Fairgrounds" or "I'rcniises" descabes die 117 aae ptoperbV bordered by Solensville Pike,
Craigliead Street, and Bransford Avenue and Wedgewxjod Avenue owned bj' die Metropolitan
CiOvettuTierit of Na-Slwille arid Davidson County :and managed by die Metrqpolifan Board of Fair
Cpmmissioners. Tlie teriii "'nic Fairjjxiunds" may tilso be used in cefeinnce to-"die liceasbt" as
identified ift.sectibn 1. a.
jsmsMo-ii 
Page ! 
of 16
ARCHIVE


e. "Fairgrounds Office" or "F^gfouiids St#' means the Executive Director, Secretarj', or
Fairgrounds employee ch^ed with otganizirig the event on behalf of the Executive Director.
2. Term.
a. This license agreenienr becomes effective upon e.xecution by all parlies for use of tlie premises
beginnir^ 09/29/17 
and ending 09/29/17
b. Move-In Date: 09/29/17 . and Time: 11am
c. Move-Out Date: 09/29/17 
andTime 4 dm
d. The dates and times set forth above shall control in the event of any conflict with any other
move-in and move-out provisions set fortli in this /^eement.
3. Rent and Rates.
a. Rent: 
Tlif T irpnspp agrees rn ^y the TicenSnr the sunr of $1.000.00 
.plus taxes,
equipment and misc. rentals for die use of the premises,
b. Oeneral Deposits: One-Half ('/a) of the. total amount due is required as a rion-refiindable
deposit upon signing this license agreement, and both the agreement & deposit must be
tendered widiin 10 busings days after the License. Date. A bank cashier's check for the
remaining balance is due before MoVe-Iin
c. Clean Up-: Fee Deposits and Assessments. Theiie is a refundable $1000.00 clean-up fee and damage
deposit for all events held in The Fairgrounds Speedway and Grandstands. There is a refundable
SlOOO.OO clcan-up fee and damage deposit for all events held irt The Fairgrciunds Five Paints Dit.
After inspection, if no clcan-up is required and there are' no damages to the premises, the deposit
referenced in this subsectioh shall be retufncd. Built^ng Clcan-up Fee Asse.ssmenc Tlicrc is ati
additional clean-up fee of S500.00 that shall be assessed per building if the building is riot left in the
condition in whicli it was-received. All deposie shall be in die form of a bank cashier's cheek.
d. Move-Iri and Move-Out: The Dccnsor will allow the Dcensee a '/a d-iy Mpve-Ifi (hereinafter
"Move-In day") be^nhing at noon on die day before die first day of die terni of this License as
listed in Section 2.a. and 2.b. of this agrceinent It is understood by die licensee diat no odier use
of the premises other than set-up will be perriiitted on Move-in days. The Licensee agrees .to
pay to the Licensor "additionsd rent" equal to Vi day rental (hereinafter "Additional Rent")
if me licensee moves in before noon On move in day, or if die licensee sells, trades, opens
to the public, displays, or swaps on Movcrlh day. Addirional rent is also diie for each 'A day
that the licensee occupies the premises over and above the Move-:In day, the temi of this License,
or each A day die iicensee occupies die premises beyond midnight the last day of the term of this
license. (See Sectipiv 12 On Vacation aiid Surrender of Premises). All rents shall be iri ih.e form of a
bank casliier's check.
4. Riiilding Layout. The Licensee must subrnif a complete buildirig diagiam set up to The Fairgrounds
Office Staff at least 10 business days prior, to, the event in order to receive Metro Fife Marshal approval
■Faliure to comply with this requirement may result in closure of the.show of delayed ppeniiig of the event.
The Licensee will assume ftill responsibility for'obtamirig Metro Fire Marshal approval pn dL-ig^us rtbt.
received in Fal^ounds office 10 business dav's prior to the everit. A penaltt' will be assessed pf $50 per day
undl.die appfdved dia^m is received. * There shall be 'Nn/P.T.Ti'.CTlMGAT. CORDS on the gtdimd
where the public walks per Metro Codes Dept.
iNoo6si4o.i| 
-Page 2 of 16
ARCHIVE


5. Tnspecrinn of Facilities. Tlie Fairg?:puncts will perform a building and grounds walk-duough
inspecrion with the Licensee to review die condidpn of die faciiides, prior to turning die fadlities over
for die Licensee's event. Any prcTCxisting damage shall be rioted tuid signed by both the Licensee and
the Licensor. If appropriate^ photographs may also be taken. A post event walk-duough shall also be
conducted by The Fairgrounds. Hie licensee is free to parricipate in said walk-duough.
6. Protection of The Fairgrounds' Property. Hie licensee agrees to return to its former condrion
that part of the premises used by die Licensee and to remove all equipment such as floors, booths,
platforms, and \viririg erected by the Licensee. The TJcensee further agrees to pay die cost of any and
all installatiOris made, and is accountable for all tables, chairs, and miscellaneous items rented.
7. Financial Responsibility fOr total Repair Costs.
a. Licerisee shall pay for tuiy arid a}I dsuhages to Tlie Fairgrourids and damage to br loss of any of
the property or equipnient pf Tlie Fairgrounds and/or iiijuiy to ariy person resulting from the
acdvities or use of The Fairgrounds by the Licensee or Licensee's representarives, employees,
ageritSi vendors, contractors, members, suppliers and attend^s.
b. The Licensee shall be financially responsible for the costs of repairing any damage done to
fairgrounds buildings, roads, fencbg or Other property caused by Licensee of their
repfeseritadves, employees, scents, vendors, contractors, members, suppliers and attendees.
c. The usage of tape or adliesives results in chipped and damaged pairit on the premises and,
therefore, neither tape nor similar adhesive shall be placed on walls or doors. Costs to
repair tape arid adliesive damage to walls arid doors will be charged to the Licensee.
d. The Fairgrounds will not accept the assignrnent of insurance benefits for such repaire. In tlie
event of damage, the Licensee shall be given photographs of the damaged property! and a bill
for the cost , of the repairs. Licensee will dien have 14 business days from the date diat die
repair charges are presented to the licensee to render their payment in fiill to the Licensee. If
le^ aetiort is required to collect the repair costs from the Licensee, tlie Licensee shall also pay
for such rcsuldng legal fees and cottrt costs.
e. The pfbvisions of diis Section 7 and Section 33 herein below shall not apply to die
coritribufOry extent of the negligence br wrongful acts of Licensor or its agents, employees or
represeritatives.
8. Insurance.
a. The licensee agrees to furnish broad form comprehensive general liability insurance in
the amount of SI ,000,000.00 arid property damage coverage in die ainourtt of S25;000.0.0i
h. Automobile liability is reqiiired in the amount of 1,000,000 (If the contractor will be malting
deliveries on site or loadihg/uiiloading on site).
c. Liecnsec shaU inairitain wbrkefs'cornperisation iiisurbice wndi statutbty'lirnits reqiiircd by
the State of Tenne-ssee or other applicable law's arid Ernploy^'s Liability Insurance with limits
of no less than 100,OQO dolkrs, as required by the laws of Tennessee (not required for
companies with fewer than 5 employees)..
d. Tlie poliq' is to be written so as to name as "additiorid insured" and protect Mctropoiitan
Goverriment of Mashsille and Dayidspn County, the Board of Fair Cbrnmissibiiers, it
officers, agents, .servants, employees, and the Execiitive Director from loss or liability arid is to
be delivered to die office of tile Executive Director prior to takit^ possessipn of the premises
by .die licensee.
e. Furtlief, the licensee shall iridemnify, exonerate, msure, and hold harmless the licensor fr'om
any arid all ckims for dariiages, losses^ of irijuries, fesultii^ from,.Mismg out of, or in any way
tNiwfigHo.ii 
Page 3 of 16
ARCHIVE


Gonriected with, directly or inchrecdy, the use of the premises, whedier said cMims be made by
employees, agents, or servants of the parties hereto Or by diird parties, except such damages,
losses or injuries, as may result solely from negligence by the Licensor. licensee furdicr
agrees to defend Dcensor ip any legal proceedings or to pay Licensor ite reasonable attorney
fees for defending itself against any such claim.
f. The policy shall begin coverage at Move-In time and be carried through Move-Out
tinte.
9. Security. The Licensee agrees to furnish sufficient secuiitj' officers arid/or police officers to fnaintriih
law and order. Certain events tnay be required to have a min. of (2) Metro Police Officers.
10. Vacation ofPremises and Surrender.
a, All events held putside the buildings,on Monday-Thursday & 
Sunday nights must end np later
than 10, p.rn, All events held inside, die buildings must end no later than 11:00 p.m. GST.
M 
events held outside on Friday & 
Saturday nights must end no later than 11 p.m. TJcensee
will be charged a StOO per ^ditional hour fee/per building or facility, if the faciliries are not
vacated of all persons by midnight. All persons, except licensed secUritj' pefsbnriel, must
vacate the prernises by midnight, unless approved iti writing .to stay additional hours by Tlie
Fairgrounds'Executive Director or his designee.
b. If Licensee fails to surrender the prernises to The Fairgrounds at the expiration of ihe term for
use s.mted herein, then The Faii^ounds may remove from the premises, all effects remaining
therein and store the, same wherever it sees fit at licensee's cost, expense, and risk. The
Fairgiounds shall not be liable to Licensee for removirig and storing sueh effects. For such
additiphal periods as any effects of Licensee remain at The Fairgrounds, Ocensce shall pay
The Fairgrorinds double the rate for the space. In addition. Licensee shall be liable to The
Fairgrounds for any c|aim or damage.s suffered by The Fairgrounds resulting from Licensee's
faiilirc to surrender die premises to. The Fairgrounds in as good condition a.s Licensee received
the sMe.
11. Cancellatibri. No event cmcelJations will be accepted by Tlie Fairgrounds except at provided in
Sectiotis 12 and 45 of dtis license. Licensee shall be responsible for 100% of the rent on all licensed
premises regardless of actuM use oir otcupanq'. Thj? license shall not be signed for a term in excess of
one year from die coritract date,
12. TeftTunarion. Should Licensee fail to fulfill in a timely and proper manner its obligations under tltis
license or ifit should violate any terms of this Ueense, the Licensor shall have the right to immediately
fefminate dre lictose. Such lerriunatiori shall not relieve licensee of any liability to the Licensor for
damagq; sust.airied by virtue of atiy breach by licensee. ShoiJd ftindirig for this contract be
discontinued, the licetisor,shall have die right to terrtiiriate tliis Ueense immediately upon written notice
,tp licensee. The licensor may tamiiiate dtis Ueense at atij' time upoii dtirty (30) day^ written notice to
Licensee.
13. Defatilt by licehsee. Licensee shaU be in default of this agreement: 1) if it fails to pay any amounts
due uiidef this licerise, 2) if it breaches aiiy provision of this License or of any rules and regulations
prornulgated by The F^grounds, 3) ifit ridlates.any applicable federiJ, state, prlpcaliaws during its ase
of Ac pireinises, of 4) if it should dissolve or c^e doing business, become insolvent or bankrupt
Uppn defaultby Liceiisei^ The jFairgrdiirids may in Irs sole discretion:
a, Tefrftinate tiie coripact iiiimediately, and declare tlie feritire License fee for die balance of the
teim due, arid payable.
b. Reentet and relef die property or any p® diereof, of operate the saifie, for tiie balance of 
tlie
Teim, receive rents there fro.rti, arid apply therri first to experises of riiaking necessary repairs
iNoo68Mo.ii 
Page4'ofl6
ARCHIVE


to the premises^ attorney's fees, and all other reasonable expenses of Fairgrounds in reenteiing
the premises and reletdng the premises, and second, rp the pajnienf of the license fee
hereunder.
c. Temiinate this license by girdng Licensee written notice of termination, wltich shall hot excuse
breaches of this license, having already occurred. Upon termination, the relation of the
parties shall be the same as if die tefni had fully expired and the said.Fairgrounds may reenter
tlie premises and remove all persons theire frorn and resort to any legal proceedings to obtain
possession and licensee slial}, notwithstanding such reentry, pay the full ampunt of said rental
as herejn agreed to be paid togetlier with any other cose, expenses, or damages incuiied by
The Fairgrounds as result of breach of fliis Agreement.
d. Pursue any otlier remedies available to the Licensor eitlier at law Or equity. licensor shall be
under hb obligation to relet the Pfertiises.
14, Default by The Fairgrounds. The Fairgrounds shall be in default of this License if it fails to provide
the Premises at the tinie required by this License. In tlie. event of default by The Fairgrounds die
liability of The. Fairgrounds shall be limited to the return to the Licensee of tlie unearned rent pmd to
The Fairgrounds under diis license.
15. Maintenance of Records. Licensee shall maintain documeritatioh for all charges against die
Metropolitan Government of Nashidlle and Davidson County, The. books, records, and documents of
I jCenSee, irtspfar as diey relate to work performed or money received under tlie license agreerhent, shall
be maintained for a peripd of three (3) full years from the date of final pajment and will be subject to
audit, at any reasonable tinie and upon reasonable notice by the Metropolitan Government of
Nashville and Davidson County or its diJy appointed representatives. The records shall be mabtained
in.i
16. Modification of Contract, lliis contract may be modified only by written amendment executed by
^ 
parries and their signatories hereto.
17. Paftnership/Toiiit Venture. Nodibg hereb shall in any way be construed or btended to, create a
parmersliip or jObt venture between the parries or to create the rcladonsliip of principal and ^ent
between or aihiong any of the parties- None of the parries hereto .shall hold itself out in a manner
contrary' to the ternis of this paf^raph. No party shall become liable for any representation, act or
omission pf any piher party' contrary to tlie tcnii.s of this paragraph.
.18. Like Shows. Significantly Similar Shows: It is the desire of TliO Fait^grounds to have a
GOthplbientary mix of enterabment events fiat the mutual benefit of the public and the, promoters.
Events that are of a si^ficantly similar nature may affect attendance .and/or appeal to die public.
Therefore. The Fairgrounds reserves the right to require a reasonable period of time between
scheduling events tliat are sigiiificantly similm- in natiire.
10. Concessions. The Fairgrounds reserves for itself, its agsnfs, contractors, or Concessionaires tlie sole
right to die fOllovvdng sales and services: Sales and serving of ,all food, beverages (alcoholic.& nom
alcoholic). Sales and serving of all food and beyerages (alcoholic and ndri-alcoholic) must go
thrpiigh p&D Events the exclusive concessiotiaire/caterer of The Fairgrounds. In addition.
No BOOTHS or EMEtiBITS are alldwed to be within 10 ft. of any the concession stand,
20, Sale of Beer and/or Mcoholic Beverages, inirial the applicable paragraph:
p. 
- 
. I 'Ihe Licensee' repteserits and warrants diat it has en^ged the Goricessionabe who has
been, ayvarded the cpncesijions lease a^eement for The F^grounds ("Conc^sipnaite'^ to
furnish beer/ alcoholic .beyeri^es to die public, guests, and/pr invitees with the understandbg
iNoo68i-io,ii 
Page5ofl6
ARCHIVE


that the Concessionyre has the exclusive: right to furnish beer/aicqholic beverages on Tlie
F^gr^r^s. Hie Concession^e For the Fairgrounds is D&D Events,
b. 
Licensee represents and warrants drat it will neitha- furnish beer/alcoholic
bcv^^es to die public, guests, and/br invitees nor allow such to be brought onto die
property.
21. Utilities. The Fairgrounds will provide (if available inside buildings) custoniarj' lighting, heatinj^ air
conditioning, arid water at no additional cost to the Licensee. There shall be a cliarge for using electric
wall oudets for use inside buildings. Authorized use of outdoor utilities shall be priced in advanced
and noted in art addendum to diis. agreement.
22, Parking Fees. The Fairgrpunds reserves die right to charge a parldng fee for all events held at The
Fairgrounds. Certain events may be charged a higher "special events" parking fee.
23; Licenses and Taxes. Ijcensee shall obtain at its own expense all licenses and permits required bylaw,
and licensee shall pay all taxes, fees, and charges required by any governmental authbritj' in connection
with its use of the premises.
24. Lien. The Licensee hereby grants to The Fairgrounds a first lien on all properi)' of die Licensee,
whedier from ticket sales or any other source, to secure the pajmertt of reiig taxes, diarges or damages
herein covenanted to be paid by the Licensee, for die purpose of securing die perfoiraance of any and
all cpvenants, conditions, or obligations arising-under this License. In the event of default The
Fairgrounds may take possession of any and all of said properi}' including box office receipjB and hold
the safne until such default has been remedied, and if not remedied or satisfied within ten (10) days of
such default Uie Fairgrounds may advertise said property or properties for sale and upon such sale
apply die proceeds to the satisfacdbn of any amounts due The Fairgoiinds and shall pay to the
Licensee any sums remaining, This remedy is not exclusive, and Tlic Fairgounds may at its discretion
pursue any appropriate rcihcdy to recover all or any deficits ranaining on the above mentioned rents,
charges, and other sums.
25. Control. The Fairgpuhds reserves the right throughout die Term to cpntrpl die operation and
management of tile preinises. The Fairgrounds Executive Director and staff have die right to enter die
premises at any time for any purpose, including removal of any person who, in the sole judgment, pf
the Executive pircctor or dc.signated assistants, is disrupting or obstmcting die proper operation and
management of the premises.
26. Use of Premises. The Executive PirectPr and staff ma}' use toy'part of the premises dialing Move-In,
durbg Moye^put, and at any time Pctosee is not actively using the partietil^ part: of the prehiises, so
Iprig as the .Esecujdve Director's use does not interfere with the Licensee's use.
27. Activities. The Fairgrounds does not allow fortune telling or soliciting on the propert}^
28- H^i^rious Property. Pcensee shall not bring upon die premises toy exhibit, equipment or yeliicles
which, in the sole reasonable judgment of die Executive Director, wPuld be or might be dtogerous to
persons or property pr otherwise incompatible with the structure) .systems, and furnishings of die
premises.
2?-. Copyrights. Rpyialries. and Trademarks. Ucerlsee,warrants that no muric, litetaf}' or arti^de work
or pthef prbpert}' pfbtected by cop}'righted \vill be peifprmed, reproduced or used, nor wijl die name
of atiy entity prptected by trademark be reproduced pr used during Licensee's use of the premises
unless Licensee has obcained written permission from the ttademark or copyri^t holder. Licensee
covenants to comply stricdy vdth all laws respecting cppyrighc, royalties, tod trademarks tod warrants
inwsHo.i) 
Page6.ofI6
ARCHIVE


that it will not infidi^e anj' related statutory, common law, or tlie right of ^y person during its use of
the premises. Dcensee will indemnify and hold The Fairgrounds and its officers, agents, and
employees harmless firom all claims, losses and damages including court costs and attorney fees) with
respect to such cop^tigjit, royalty, or tradem^k rights.
30. Abamdoned Property. /\ny property remaining on the prertlises or any property stored by Tlie
Fairgrounds, which has not beeri claimed by Licensee widiin teii (10) days after the e.\piration of the
term, shall be deemed abandoned by licensee. At the Tennessee State Fairground's option, The
Fairgrounds may: 1) take possession of it and treat it as its own property and utilize it, or destroy it or
otherwise dispose of it, or 2) store it at the Licensee's sole cost^ expense, and risk. The Licensee hereby
waives any right to claim the value thereof or damages therefore. The Licensee shtill be liable to The
Fairgrounds for; 1) tire cpst incurred by The Fairgrounds in disposing of or destro)'ing the abandoned
property and, 2) the cost of storing it if The Fairgrounds elects to store it for die Licensee.
31. Waiver. No waiver by either party of any default shall operate as a waiver of any other default, or the
same default on a future occasion. No delay or omission by either par^' in; exercising any riglrt or
remedy shall operate as a waiver thereof, and no single or partial exercise of a right or remedy shall
prelude any other further exercise thereof, or the exercise of any other right or rernedy.
32. Licensee's Assumption of Responsibility. Licensee expressly assumes full responsibility for all
persons connected with Licensee's use of die premises, including all its employees, Events, members,
invitees, and licensees.
33. TnHpmnification and Hold Harmless. 
The Licensee agrees to indemnify, exonerate, insure,
defend, and save hannleSs the Metropolitan Board of Fair Coiiirnissioners and any employee, agent, or
servant of The Fairgrounds Or the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County of
losses, or injuries, resulring from, growing out of, or in any W'ay connected with, dirccdy, or inciirccdy,
the use of the premises, whether said claitns arise out of, including, without limitations, the acts and/or
omissions of its employees, agents, independent contractors, or third parries. To the extent of the
proceeds received b)' die Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners and die Metropolitan
Goveminent under any insurance fiarni.shed for the benefit of the Metropolitan Board of Fair
Coiumissioners by Licensee, the obligation to indemnify and save harmless die Meuropolitan Board of
Fair .Comiiiissionets arid the Metropolitan Government against die subject matter of said insurance
shall be deemed to be sarisfied pro ten to. This Section 33 is subject to Section 7(e) herein above.
34. Release of Liability. The parries agree that the bdividual members of the Metropolitan Board of Fair
Gonimissioners and any employee, agent, or servant Of The Fairgrounds or Metropolitan Government
of Nashiille and Dawdson County assume no personal reSponsibilitj' for the malting of this License.
The parties fyrdier release all individual rhembers of the Metropolitan Board of Fair Comriiissioners,
arid aiiy employee, agent, or servant of The Fairgroiuids or Metropolitan Government of Nashville and
Dairidson Counfy, from any personal liabilitj' growing out of or concerning the making of tliis IJcense.
35. Time of Essence. Time is of the essence of this License. If the deposit and signed license agreement
is not received within 10 business days of the contract date, Ticensor reSeiyes die ri^ 
t to cancel die
event and teimiriate diis license arid/or license the buildiiig(s) fpr use by anodier part)-.
36. Contingent Fees. Licensee agrees that Licensee has nOt been retained or retained any persons to
solicit Or secure a Metro contract upon an agreement or understanding for a coiiripgerit commission,
prircent^e, or brokerage fee, except for retention of bona fide employees or bonia fide established
commercial selling agencies for the purpose rof securing business. Breach of the provisions of this
paragraph is, ui addirion to a breach of diis contract, a breach of die ethical standards which may result
jNn()<i8i4o,ii 
Page7ofT6
ARCHIVE


in dvil or cririiinal sancrioris and/or debarment or suspension from being a licensee under Metro
coniiacts.
37. Employment Licensee affirms that it does not subscribe to any personnel policj' that permits or
allows for the promotion, demotion, &missal, or laying off of any individual due to race, creed, color,
national ori^, age, sex, or handicapping conditian. No person shall be exdudcd from participation in,
be cfcnied benefits of, be disairninated ag^nst in die admission or access to, or be discriniinatcd agjibst
iri treatment or employment in the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Daddsori County's
eontracted programs or activities, on the grounds of handicap and/or disability, age, race, color,
religion, sex, national ori^, or any other classification protected by federal or Tennessee State
Constitutional or statutor)' law; nor shall they be excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of,
or be otherwise subjected to discrimination in the perfonnance of Contracts with the Metropolitan
Goveninient of Nashvflle and Davidson Countj' or in die employmeiit practices of Metro's Licensees.
Accordingly, all Licensees criteting into agreeinents widi Licensor shall, upon request; be required to
show proof of such nondiscriminarion and to post in conspicuous places that arc av^lable to all
ertiployccs and applicants, notices of nondiscrimination.
38. Ethical Standards. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or agree to
^ve any employee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to solicit, demand,
accept or agree tb accept from another person, a gratuit)' or an Offer of employment in connection with
any dedsion, approval, disapproval, recommendation, preparation of any part of a program
requirement or a purchase request, influendrig the content of any specification or procurement
standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditirig or in aiiy other advjsory capadty in any proceeding
Or application, request for ruling determination, daim or controversy or odier particijar matter,
pertaining to any program requirernent of a contract or subcontract or to any solicitation or proposal
therefore. Breach of the provisions of this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this conuact, a
breadi of ethical standards which may result in dvil or criminal sanctioti atid/or debamient or
suspension from being a contractor under the Metropolitan Govemrnent of Nashtille and Davidson
County contracts.
39. Assignmerit. Consent Required. The provisbn of this License shall inure to die benefit of and be binding
upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto; Ndther this license nor any of the rights
and obligations of the Licensee hereunder shali.be assigned or transferred in wbole or in part to any person,
firrri, of coqipratibn without the pri.or. xvritten consent of the Licensor, which consent shd! not be
unreasonably withheld. Any such ass^nment or transfer shall not relieve licensee from obligations
hereunder. Any approved assignee shall assume each and every obligation of Licensee hereunder, and
Dccnspr may contract with or accept monies from any such assignees without waiving any of its tights
hereunder.
40. Compliance with Laws. Dcenscc agrees diac every person connected widi Licensee's occupancy and
use of premises covered by this license agreement shall abide by, coriform to, arid comply widi all laws
of the United States and die State of Tennessee, and all of the ordinances of the Metropolitan
Government of Nashville; and Daiidson County, together with die rules, regulations, and policies of
Licensor for the gjovcmmcnt and management of said premises; licensee agrees -to fbllnw all
fissblutions and policies of the Board of Fair Gommissionefs in place at the time of the event.
yccnscc will not do, or suffer to be done, anydiirig on said premises during the term of this License
Agreement in viokdon of any such laws, ordinancesj rules, or reguIariohSi arid if die.attenrion of the
Lieerisbr is <^ed fb such vibliitibn oil the part bf die Licensee or any persbii Employed bi adniitted
tb the prerrii.ses by .said Licensee, said Licensee wall ifrirttediately desist ifrom arid correct such
idolariori.
iNno68Ho.i! 
Page 8 of 16
ARCHIVE


Iran Divestmeht Act. In accordance "widi the Iran Divestment Act, Tennessee Code Annotated §12-
J2-101 et seq., licensee certifies diat to die best of its knowledge and belief, neither Licensee nor any of
iits subcontractors arc on the list created pursuant to Tennessee Code rkinotated §12-12-106.
Misrepresentation may result in civil and criminal sanctions, including contract tennination, debarment,
pr suspension froni being a licensee. Contractor, or subcontractor under Metro contracts.
42. Govern^ Law. The laws of the State of Tennessee shall control the validity, constmction and effect
of this license and also any e.xtensioh and/or rnpdifiCations of it.
gratuities arid Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or
%ee to give any ernployee or former employee to solicit, dauand, accept or agree tp accept from
anPfher person, a gratuiiy or an offer of employment in connection iwdi any decision, approval,
^sapprpval, fecPrnmendation, preparation of any part of a program requirement or a purchase request,
influencing the content of any specification or prpcureiritat standard, rendering of advice,
investigation, auditing or in any other advisoiy capacity b any proceeding or application, request for
ruling, dctermbation, daim or cpntrovers)' Or other particular matter, conccmbg any program
reqiiiremmt of a contract, or sub-contract pr to any solidtation or proposal tlierCof. It shall be a
breach of ethical standards to make any payment, gratuityi or offer of employment, by or fpt a sub
contractor under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or any person
assodated therewith, as an bducement for the award of a subcontract or Order.
44. Force Ma|eure. Iftliepreniises or any part of The Fairgrounds is destroyed or damaged by fire or any
other cause, or if any other casualqr or unforeseen occurrence renders the ftilfillment of this license by .
The Fairgrounds impossible, the licensee shall be liable for rent which has accrued only at the time of
termbation, pmvided, however, if such impossibilit)' of performance shall be due to the act or
omissions Of licensee, its agents, employees, members, llcensees, or bvitees, tlien the Licensee shall be
liable for the entire rent charged hereunder as well as all accrued charges in addition tO such other
damages as may result from such aas pr omissions. licensee hereby waives any claim for damages or
compensation ffbm The Fair^punds on account of such termbation.
45. Severabitity, Should any court of competent jurisdiction dedare any provision of this License invalid,
men, such provision shall be severed and shall not affect die validity of the remabbg provisions of this
LiccfisCt
Entire Agreement. This License constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and superseded
di previous understandings. This License may not be modified except by written consent of the parties
hereto,
Eogbs and Trademarks. 'Lhc unauthorized use of'The Fa%ounds" trademarks and logos is stnctlv
proliibited.
48. Sign age. 
signage must be b accordance with The Fairground signage polides as approved by the
Board of Fair Commissioners. Any and alJ signage bconsistent with the approved policj' is proiijbited.
49. Brown's Creek. licensor shall conduct no actidties resulting in discharge to or harmful bipact to
Bro\TO s Creek. The Metropolitan Stormwater Department is authorized to b.spcct property and
require the discontinuance of any activities that could result b harmful or hazardous impact to Brown's
Greek Or activities found to be harmftil to public health safety and welfare gbnerally as it relates to
Brown's Cmek or stormwater nin-off.
{noo68hp,ii 
Page 9 of 16
ARCHIVE


50. Residue Matters. Anj' raatt^, iipc expressly covered by tliis License or by applicable rules and
regulations adopted by The F^grounds shall be determiried by tlie Execum'e Director's sole
discredon.
51. Exhibits. Exhibits A, B, C, andD are attached to this license agreement and ineorponited herein.
52. Norices and Designation of Agent for Service of Process.
a. Norice of to the Licensor concerning this license shall be delivered to:
The Fairgrounds Nashville 
Shipping by FED-X & 
UPS:
Pid. Box 40208 
625 Smith Ave.
NashviUe, TN 37204 
Nashville, Tn. 37203
Phone: (615) 862-8994 
If questions call 615-862-8980
Fax: (615) 862-8992 
*We will ONLY accept the week of event
b. Notices to Licensee shall be delivered to:
Licensee:Reliant Hiring Solutions
Att'n: 
Brvan Baauer
Address: 9412.0lde Town Ct. Manassas. \/A 2b110
c. Licensee hereby designates the following as the licensee's agent for service of process and
will waive any objection to service of prpcess if process is served upon this agent:
Desi^ated Agent:
Designated Agcnc: Rpliant Hiring .Sniiitinhs
Att'n,: 
.Bryan Baquer 
^
Address: 9412 Olde Town Ct.. Manassas. VA 20110
53. Additional Provisions:
Licensee/Promoter, has the abilitv to request additional equipment while event is in progress.
jNODssMo.i! 
Page 10 of 16
ARCHIVE


54. Additional Provisions:
None
55. Addition^ Provisions:
None
56. EFFiEGIT^® DATE. TTiis License shall not be biniding upon the parties until it Has been sigried first
by the Licensee and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government ^en 
it
has been so signed, this license shall be effective as of the date first written above.
(This Space Is Iiitehtionsdtly Left Blank)
iNno68Mo.i) 
Pagell pf;l6
ARCHIVE


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed their signatures as of the date first above
written.
LICENSOR;
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY,
TENNESSEE BY AND THROUGH
THE BOARD OF FAIR COMMISSIONERS
Director
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY
OF FUNDS:
Talia Lomax-O'dneal
Director of Finance
^QJAdLnJiy
APPROVED AS TO INSURANCE
duly'
REQUIREMENTS:
'oFlnsurance
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND
LEGALITY: 
/,
LICENSEE:
VjY:
^itle:
Sworn to and subscribed to before me,
a Notary Public, this \\ day of
.iOT7j.bv
, 
the
'9)!J^KbY\{>X 
Licensee and
authorized togwcute thisiifitrument on
'V^behalf of 
^ ^
Notary Public
My Cpmniission Expires
Metropolitan Attomey
Filed with the Metropolitan Clerk: \T)- 
20_n
Metropolitan Clerk
STATE
NOTARY
^\o\ 
PUBLIC
Expires
I N(K)6K 14(1.1)
Page 12 of 16
ARCHIVE


RECEIVED
OCTO^ 2017
DiRECTOR OF FliMANCE
ARCHIVE


EXHBITA
^
 To make a request for accessible accommodations please contact Scott Wallace at 615-862-8980.
Building Rental Rates as of July 1,2015
Building
Days
Per pay 
Per Day
Amount
Agriculture
$1,950,00
$
Annex
$600.00
$
Arcade
$400.00
$
Backlpt
$1,000.00
$
Banquet Hail
$1,325.00
$
Creative Arts
$2,325.00
$
Exhibitor's
$1,700.00
$
3 Full Lots
$8,000.00
$
Sheds
$750.00
$
 '
Speedway ,& 3, Lots
$15,000.00
$
Show Arena
$750.00
$
Sports. Arena
$1,400.00
$
Vauglin
$1,875.00
$
 .
Wilson Hall
1
$1,000.00
$
1 nnn on
* Plus Sales Tax 9.25% when applicable
* Total Due
$
1 nnnnn
* 
No booths are allowed in the buildingf breeizewav.s. This space is for D&D food/beverage
vfendors ONLY arid this is not part of the contracted space listed above.
There wlU be a clean-up fee of $50D.00 per building if the building & 
restrooms are not left
in the condition in which they were received. During the event, aU trash must be taken to
the duinpsters in the back duinpsterlot. The Fairgrounds will supply as many trash cans &
liners as needed. At the end of the event, ALL trash MUST be left at the rolhip door(s) for
pickup. The Promoter is responsible for keeping the restrooms clean as well as restocking
the paper towel & 
toilet paper receptacles as needed. Staff will provide the receptacle keys.
* 
There's a $1.000.00 cleanup fee deposit for all Concerts. Festivals & 5K runs
The Fairgrounds reserves the right to Charge for parking
iNmSKO.ij
'k'k'k
Page 13 of 16
ARCHIVE


EXHIBIT B
Equipment Rental Rates as of January 1,2Q15
To receive Advance rates, the order must be placed five (5) business davs prior to show move in. All
pricing is per each unless otheiwise noted. Anv order placed after that time will be charged floor rates.
Equipment
Advance
(Rates are ]
Floor
110 Electric Outlet Drop
$40
$45 I
220 Electric Outlet Drop
$75
$105
Plug into Electric Wall Outlet
$15
$20
Barricades (8 ft. section)
$25
$30
Metal Bleachers (seats 45 adults)
$150
$200
Metal Bleachers (seats 90 adults)
$300
$350
Metal Folding Chairs,
$2.00
$2.50
Banquet Chairs (padded)
$2.75
$3.50
Loading Cart
$25
Same
PA System- w/corded Mie.
$50
$60
PA System- wireless Mic.
$90
$110
Pipe & 
Drape (booth size 10x10)
$30 panel
$40 booth
$40 panel
$50 booth
Podium
$30
$35 '
Staging (per 3'x 8'x 24" section)
$30
$40
Tables-Rectangle (6' or 8')
$10
$12
Tables-Rectangle Clothed/Skirted
$30
$45
Tables-Round *with cloth add $5*
$20
$30
Ticket Dram
$20
$25 
•
Ticket Booth
$150
$200
Cones
$5
$7.50
Hang Your Sighs (2 FREE)
$25
$35
Stretch Rods
$10
$12
Miscellaneous Services
Copies
$0.50 
per page
Laminate paper
$3.00 
per page
Fax - Local call
$1.50 
per page
Fax - Long distance
$2.50 
per page
Front Erid Loader- **3 hft minA*'
$65 per hour
$90 per hour
Fbr^ft-r ^*3 hr. min;**
$65 per hour
$90 per hour
ALL PRICES ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHQUT NOTICE
INMdSMO.I}
Page 14 of 16
ARCHIVE


EXHIBIT C
Request for Building Rental/Miscellaneous Order Form
Rental rates for Buildings and Equipment can be found on Exhibits A and B of this License Agreement.
Show Name: "|1fi 6 
lAO'd 
^^a\dmission Cost:
Show Date(s):
Show Times:
Biiilding(s); 
j/hU/
Tables:
Chairs;
Pipe/Drapes
Podium:
Ticket Booth:
Phones:
Microphone / Audio Equipment:
Loading / Unloading Carts:
Staging (3'X 8'-24" tall)
Misc. Equipment Needed:
{please specify)
Special Instructions: Equipment list will be emailed to the Fairgrounds Nashville Event Staff along with layout
30 days prior to the contracted event. 
- 
- - 
- 
^
Thank You, We appreciate, your business.
(N0p68U0.i;
Page 15 of l6
ARCHIVE


EXHIBIT D
Schedule of Events
Day
Date
Start
Time
End
Time
Function
Building
Setup
#OF
Attendees
Room
RENTAL
H
UtiSot^
{N0068r<10.|>
Page 16 of 16
ARCHIVE


/KCORD
CERTIFICATE OF LIABILITY INSURANCE
DATE (MM/DP/YYYY)
9/20/2017
THIS CERTIFICATE IS ISSUED AS A MATTER OF INFORMATION ONLY AND CONFERS NO RIGHTS UPON THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER. THIS
CERTIFICATE DOES NOT AFFIRMATIVELY OR NEGATIVELY AMEND, EXTEND OR ALTER THE COVERAGE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES
BELOW. THIS CERTIFICATE OF INSURANCE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A CONTRACT BETWEEN THE ISSUING INSURER(S), AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OR PRODUCER, AND THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER.
IMPORTANT: If the certificate holder is an ADDITIONAL INSURED, the pollcy(les) must be endorsed. If SUBROGATION IS WAIVED, subject to
the terms and conditions of the policy, certain policies may require an endorsement. A statement on this certificate does not confer rights to the
certificate holder In lieu of such endorsement(s).
PRODUCER
The Harvey Insurance Agency
7320 Heritage Village Plaza
Suite 101
Gainesville 
VA 20155
NAM™'^^ Cara Curtin
(703) 378-2886 
(703)743-7996
InnRRss- oara@harveyinsuranceagency. com
INSURER(S) AFFORDING COVERAGE
NAIC#
INSURER A All Risks, Ltd
INSURED
The Lovejoy Group LLC
8922 Shadia PL
Manassas 
VA 20110
INSURER B;
INSURER C :
INSURER D ;
INSURER E :
INSURER F ;
COVERAGES
CERTIFICATE NUlVIBER:Master 2017-2018
REVISION NUMBER:
THIS IS TO CERTIFY THAT THE POLICIES OF INSURANCE LISTED BELOW HAVE BEEN ISSUED TO THE INSURED NAMED ABOVE FOR THE POLICY PERIOD
INDICATED. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY REQUIREMENT, TERM OR CONDITION OF ANY CONTRACT OR OTHER DOCUMENT WITH RESPECT TO WHICH THIS
CERTIFICATE MAY BE ISSUED OR MAY PERTAIN, THE INSURANCE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES DESCRIBED HEREIN IS SUBJECT TO ALL THE TERMS,
EXCLUSIONS AND CONDITIONS OF SUCH POLICIES. LIMITS SHOWN MAY HAVE BEEN REDUCED BY PAID CLAIMS.
INSR
LTR
TYPE OF INSURANCE
ADDL
INSD
SUBR
WVD
POLICY NUMBER
POLICY EFF
<MM/DD/YYYYI
POLICY EXP
tNiMiDPrrrrf)
COMMERCIAL GENERAL LIABILITY
CLAIMS-MADE H 
OCCUR
EACH OCCURRENCE
DAMAGE TO RENTED
PREMISES fEa occurrence)
CPS02680899
4/28/2017
4/28/2018
MED EXP (Any one person)
PERSONAL & ADV INJURY
GEN'L AGGREGATE LIMIT APPLIES PER:
I
 I LOG
POLICY r~i ^ 
-
I
 J JECT
PRO-
GENERAL AGGREGATE
OTHER:
PRODUCTS - COMP/OP AGG
1,000,000
100,000
5,000
1,000,000
2,000,000
2,000,000
AUTOMOBILE LIABILITY
COMBINED SINGLE LIMIT
fEa accident) 
^
ANY AUTO
ALL OWNED
AUTOS
HIRED AUTOS
BODILY INJURY (Per person)
SCHEDULED
AUTOS
NON-OWNED
AUTOS
BODILY INJURY (Per acddent)
PROPERTY DAMAGE
fPer accident)
UMBRELLA UAB
EXCESS UAB
PEP
OCCUR
CLAIMS-MADE
EACH OCCURRENCE
AGGREGATE
RETENTION $
WORKERS COMPENSATION
AND EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY
ANY PROPRIETOR/PARTNER/EXECUTIVE
OFFICER/MEMBER EXCLUDED?
(Mandatory In NH)
If yes, describe under
DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS below
PER
STATUTE
oth
er
□NfA
E.L. EACH ACCIDENT
E.L DISEASE - EA EMPLOYEE
E.L. DISEASE - POLICY LIMIT
DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS I 
LOCATIONS I VEHICLES (ACORD101, Additional Remarks Schedule, may be attached If more space is required)
Metropolitcui Government and The Fairgrounds Nashville, it's officials, officers, employees, and
volunteers are named as additional insured as required by written contract, subject to policy forms and
conditions.
The Fairgrounds ,
Metropolitan Governitient of Nashville and
Davidson County, the.Board of Fair Commis
625 Smith Ave
Nashville, TN 
37203
SHOULD ANY OF THE ABOVE DESCRIBED POLICIES BE CANCELLED BEFORE
THE EXPIRATION DATE THEREOF, NOTICE WILL BE DELIVERED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE POLICY PROVISIONS.
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
Car a Curt in/NIC 
-
ACORD 25 (2014/01)
INS025 (201401)
The ACORD name and logo are registered marks of ACORD
ARCHIVE
