on A-+10-349
CLASS IV — OFF-AIRPORT RENTAL CAR OPERATORS
PERMIT FOR
COMMERCIAL GROUND TRANSPORTATION

THIS PERMIT FOR COMMERCIAL GROUND TRANSPORTATION (the “Agreement”) is entered
into as of this 15" day of December 2010, and made effective December 15", 2010, by and between
METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE AIRPORT AUTHORITY, a public corporation created pursuant to Tennessee
Code Annotated Sections 42-4-101, et. seq., (the “Authority”), and Simply Wheelz LLC dba Advantage Rent A Car,
a company licensed to business in the State of Tennessee (the “Operator”.

WHEREAS, Authority is the owner and operator of the Nashville International Airport (the “Airport’) in
Nashville, Tennessee; and

WHEREAS, Operator desires to operate a commercial ground transportation business at the Airport; and

WHEREAS, Authority has agreed to allow Operator to conduct its business at the Airport subject to the terms
of this Agreement; .

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and other good
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Authority and Operator
hereby agree as follows:

1 Policy. This Agreement is subject in all respects to the terms and conditions of the Commercial
Ground Transportation Policy of Authority as in effect on the date of this Agreement and as it is amended and
modified from time to time. For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Policy” shall mean such Commercial Ground
Transportation Policy of Authority and all amendments and modifications thereto from time to time. Operator hereby
acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Policy as in effect on the date of this Agreement. Capitalized terms not
otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Policy. Authority will supply a
copy of the current Policy to Operator upon request.

2. Permit. Subject to the terms of the Policy and this Agreement, Authority hereby grants a
revocable, non-exclusive Permit to Operator for the following commercial ground transportation operator
classification:

CLASS IV - Off-Airport Rental Car Operators

The rights and privileges included within the terms of the Permit granted hereby are as set forth in Exhibit A to this
Permit, which is incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof. In the event of any conflict between the
terms of the Policy and Exhibit A hereto, the terms of the Policy shall govern and control unless this Agreement
specifically provides that any such conflicting terms contained in this Agreement shall govern and control over the
Policy.

3. Term. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and shall expire on the last
day of the month following; provided, however, that (i) the term of this Agreement shall be automatically renewed
and extended for additional one month terms commencing on the first day of each month unless Authority or Operator
shall provide a notice of non-renewal to the other no later than thirty (30) days prior to the then existing expiration
date of the term hereof; (ii) either party may cancel this Agreement upon thirty (30) days prior notice to the other
party at any time for any reason; (iii) Authority may suspend this Agreement, or may bar the use by Operator of a
particular Driver, agent or employee or Commercial Vehicle, if Operator, such Driver, agent or employee or such
Commercial Vehicle is found to have violated the Policy, any Applicable Laws (as defined herein) or this Agreement;
and (iv) Authority may terminate this Agreement without forfeiture, waiver or release of Authority’s rights to any
sum due or to become due under the provisions of this Agreement upon default by Operator in the payment of the fees
required hereunder or violation by Operator of any of the other provisions of this Agreement and the failure of |

| Operator to remedy such default or violation within ten (10) days after notice from Authority to Operator of such |
| default or violation, provided, however, that no such ten (10) day notice shall be required in those instances in which
| a provision of this Agreement grants to Authority the right to terminate this Agreement immediately upon Operator’s
| violation of or failure to comply with the terms hereof.
| 4. Fees and Charges. Operator agrees to pay Authority the fees and charges as set forth in Exhibit B
DEC 20 2010
METROPOLITAN
CLERK


attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof; provided, however, that the fees and
charges set forth in Exhibit B hereto are subject to adjustment in accordance with amendments and modifications to
the Policy from time to time. Any adjustment to the fees and charges due hereunder shall be effective not less than
thirty (30) days after notice to Operator from Authority of such adjustment to the fees and charges to be due
hereunder and a copy of the amendment to or modification of the Policy pursuant to which such adjustment will
occur.

5. Obligations of Operator. Operator shall comply in all respects with the Policy and all Applicable
Laws (as defined herein). For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Applicable Laws” shall mean all present and
future laws, ordinances, orders, directives, rules, codes, regulations and decrees of federal, state and municipal
authorities and agencies and their respective agencies, departments, authorities and commissions (individually, a
“Governmental Authority” and collectively, the “Governmental Authorities”) and all present and future grant
assurances provided by Authority to any Governmental Authority in connection with Authority’s ownership or
operation of the Airport and all other rules, regulations, policies and procedures of Authority, as the same may be
amended, modified or updated from time to time. For purposes of this Agreement, “Governmental Authorities” shall
specifically include, without limitation, Authority, The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County,
the State of Tennessee, the United States Department of Transportation, the Federal Aviation Administration (the
“FAA”) and the Transportation Security Administration (the “TSA”).

6. Assignment; Sub-License. Operator shall not assign or sub-license, or otherwise purport to
authorize or allow any other person or entity to exercise, the Permit or its rights granted in this Agreement without
the prior written consent of Authority, which Authority may grant or withhold in its sole discretion.

7. Deposit. As security for Operator's full, faithful and prompt performance of and compliance with
all covenants, terms and conditions of this Agreement, Operator hereby deposits with Authority the sum of Five
Hundred Dollars ($500.00) (the “Deposit”). In addition to any and all other remedies available to it under this
Agreement or otherwise, Authority shall have the right, at its option at any time and from time to time, to use the
Deposit or any part thereof in whole or partial satisfaction of any of its claims or demands against Operator and for
the payment of attorneys’ fees for the enforcement of any of its claims or demands against Operator. Authority shall
have no obligation to exercise such right, and neither the existence of such right nor the holding of the Deposit itself
shall cure any default or breach on the part of Operator. In the event that Authority shall at any time or times so use
the Deposit or any part thereof, Operator shall, within two (2) days after demand by Authority, deposit with Authority
additional cash so as to maintain the Deposit at all times at the full amount stated above and all such additional funds
so deposited shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Within thirty (30) days after the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement and upon written request therefor by Operator, Authority will
return the Deposit to Operator, less the amount of any and all unpaid claims and damages of Authority hereunder.
Operator hereby waives any right to any interest which may or could be earned on the Deposit during the term of the
Agreement. Authority shall have no obligation to segregate the Deposit from other funds of Authority.

8. Documents Incorporated by Reference. The following documents are incorporated in this
Agreement by reference and made a part hereof as if fully set forth in this Agreement: (i) the Policy, (ii) the
application for this Agreement submitted by Operator, (iii) all policies of insurance providing the insurance coverages
required under this Agreement (including, without limitation, those required under the Policy), and (iv) Exhibits A
and B hereto.

9 Indemnification. Operator shall protect, defend, indemnify and hold Authority and its
commissioners, officers, and employees harmless from and against any and all suits, losses, costs, claims, damages,
demands, penalties, fines, settlements, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees, court
costs and litigation expenses) arising by reason of the injury to or death of any person or damage to any property of
any nature whatsoever arising out of or incident to (i) this Agreement, (ji) Operator’s performance or exercise of the
Permit and rights granted under this Agreement, (iii) an intentional act or a negligent act or omission of any of
Operator's Drivers, officers, employees, agents, contractors, subcontractors, licensees or invitees regardless of where
the injury, death or damage may occur, or (iv) the failure of Operator to comply with any Applicable Laws. The
provisions of this Section 9 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

10. Costs of Enforcement. If legal action is necessary to enforce the terms of this Agreement,
Operator shall pay all of Authority’s costs incurred in taking such action, including, without limitation, attorneys’
fees.

11. Environmental Matters. Operator agrees to comply with all Applicable Laws relating to the
protection of the environment and the handling and release of any and all substances, chemicals, wastes, sewage or
other materials which are now or hereafter regulated, controlled or prohibited by any Applicable Laws requiring

Be


removal, waming or restriction on the use, generation, disposal or transportation thereof, including, without
limitation, any substance defined as a “hazardous substance”, “hazardous material”, “hazardous waste”, “toxic
substance” or “air pollutant”.

12. Insurance, Operator agrees to comply with all requirements of the Policy regarding the
maintenance of insurarice coverages. In addition, Operator further agrees that such insurance coverages maintained
pursuant hereto must provide that they will be considered primary insurance as respects any other valid and collectible
insurance which Authority may possess and that any other insurance or self-insured retention of Authority shall be
considered excess insurance only, Authority shall have the right to change the insurance coverages required
hereunder, without cost to Authority, if such changes are recommended or imposed by Authority’s insurers.
Authority also may require a copy of each insurance policy (including the declarations page and any endorsements
thereto) by which Operator provides the insurance coverages required hereunder. If Operator shall at any time fail
to provide any of the insurance coverages required hereunder, Authority may do all things necessary to effect or
maintain such insurance coverage’ and all amounts expended by it for that purpose shall be repaid by Operator to
Authority in the month in which such amounts are paid by Authority. If any insurance coverage required hereunder
cannot be obtained for any reason, Authority may require Operator to cease any and all operations until such
insurance coverage is obtained.

12, General Provisions.

(a) Operator certifies to the best of its knowledge and belief that: (i) no federally or state-appropriated
funds have been paid or will be paid by or on behalf of Operator to any person for influencing or attempting to
influence an officer or employee of any agency of the United States government or a member, officer or employee
of the United States Congress, or an employee of a member of the United States Congress, in connection with the
awarding of any federal contract, the making of any federal grant or loan, the entering into of any cooperative
agreement, or the extension, continuation, renewal, amendment or modification of any federal contract, grant, loan
or cooperative agreement; and (ii) if Operator has compensated or does compensate any person for influencing or
attempting to influence an officer or employee of any agency of the United States government, a member, officer or
employee of the United States Congress, or any employee of a member of the United States Congress, in connection
with any contract, grant, loan or cooperative agreement, then Operator shall complete and submit to Authority, in
accordance with its instructions, Standard Form LLL, “Disclosure of Lobbying Activities”; and (iii) Operator shall
require that the language of this certification be included in the award documents for all sub-awards at all tiers
(including subcontracts, sub-grants and contracts under grants, loans and cooperative agreements) and that all sub-
recipients shall certify and make disclosures in accordance with this Section 12(a).

(b) Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to grant Operator any exclusive right or privilege within the
meaning of Section 308 of the Federal Aviation Act of 1958, as amended (the “Federal Aviation Act”), for the conduct
of any activity at the Airport, except that, subject to the terms and provisions hereof, Operator shall have the right to
operate at the Airport under the provisions of this Agreement.

(c) This Agreement is subject and subordinate to the provisions of any agreement heretofore or hereafter
made between Authority and any Governmental Authority relative to the operation or maintenance of the Airport, the
execution of which has been required as a condition precedent to the transfer of federal rights or property to Authority for
Airport purposes, or the expenditure of federal funds for the improvement or development of the Airport, including the
expenditure of federal funds for the development of the Airport in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Aviation
Act.

(d) No waiver of default by either party of any of the terms, covenants or conditions herein to be
performed, kept and observed by the other party shall be construed as, or shall operate as, a waiver of any subsequent
default of any of the terms, covenants or conditions herein contained to be performed, kept and observed by the other
party.

(e) All notices, approvals, consents, demands and other communications required by this Agreement
must be in writing to be effective and personally delivered or sent by certified United States Mail, postage prepaid,
or by a recognized delivery service that provides registered and verifiable shipment or airbill tracking and delivery
record, with costs prepaid, to the addresses set forth below:


|
. = |
|
To Authority: Executive VP & COO
.Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority
Nashville International Airport
One Terminal Drive, Suite 501
Nashville, Tennessee 37214
With a copy to:
Director of Properties
Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority
Nashville International Airport
One Terminal Drive, Suite 501
Nashville, Tennessee 37214
Operator: Attn: Deborah Perry
Director, Global Contracts & Lease Administration
225 Brae Boulevard
Park Ridge, NJ 07656
The person and place to which notices are to be sent may be changed by a party hereto upon written notice to the
other. A notice required or permitted hereunder shall be deemed received on the date that is three (3) calendar days
after the date on which the notice is deposited in the United States Mail if sent by certified mail, or, if personally
delivered, on the date such personal delivery is made. If notice is given by a recognized delivery service, then the
notice shall be deemed received by the addressee on the date on which the signature receipt is recorded by such
recognized delivery service. .

@ ‘The headings of the several sections of this Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience
and for reference and in no way define, limit or describe the scope or intent of any provisions of this Agreement and shall
not be construed to affect in any manner the terms and provisions hereof or the interpretation or construction thereof.

(g) If one or more clauses, sections or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be unlawful,
invalid or unenforceable, the parties hereto agree that the material rights of either party hereto shall not be affected
thereby except to the extent of such holding, and this Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid
or unenforceable provision were omitted herefrom.

(h) The parties hereto hereby designate the following as their agents for service of process and will
waive any objection to service of process if served upon its agent as set forth below:

To Authority: President & CEO
. Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority
Nashville International Airport
One Terminal Drive, Suite 501
Nashville, Tennessee 37214
Operator: Advantage Rent A Car
Flight Park-Parking Complex
C/O Jonathan Lewis - Area Manager
534 Donelson Pike
Nashville, TN 37214
901.508.3178
{i) Operator hereby waives any claim against Authority and its commissioners, officers, employees,
agents, servants, representatives, contractors, subcontractors, affiliates, successors and assigns for loss of anticipated
profits caused by any suit or proceedings directly or indirectly attacking the validity of this Agreement or any part hereof,
declaring this Agreement to be null, void or voidable, or delaying the exercise of any rights under this Agreement. No


commissioner, officer, employee or agent of Authority shall be charged personally or held contractually liable by or to
Operator under the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

G) The parties hereto further covenant and agree that Authority reserves the right to further develop or
improve the Airport as it may see fit, regardless of the desires or views of Operator and without interference or
hindrance.

(k) This Agreement is subject and subordinate to the provisions of any agreement heretofore or
hereafter made between Authority and the United States government relative to the operation or maintenance of the
Airport, the execution of which has been required as a condition precedent to the transfer of federal rights or
property to Authority for Airport purposes, or the expenditure of federal funds for the improvement or development
of the Airport, including the expenditure of federal funds for the development of the Airport in accordance with
provisions of the Federal Aviation Act. Authority covenants that it has no existing agreements with the United
States government in conflict with the express provisions hereof. The parties incorporate herein by reference all
provisions lawfully required to be contained herein by any Governmental Authority.

00) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns
of the parties hereto.

(m) In the event that a Governmental Authority requires modifications or changes to this Agreement as a
condition precedent to the granting of funds for the improvement of the Airport, or otherwise, Operator shall make or
agree to such amendments, modifications, revisions, supplements or deletions of any of the terms, conditions or
requirements of this Agreement as may be reasonably required and any expenses resulting from such amendments,
modifications, revisions, supplements or deletions shall be paid by Authority.

{n) Time is of the essence in the performance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Words of
any gender used in this Agreement shall be held and construed to include any other gender, words in the singular number
shall be held to include the plural, and words in the plural number shall be held to include the singular, unless the context
otherwise requires.

(0) Each individual executing this Agreement on behalf of Operator warrants that he or she has full
authority to execute this Agreement on behalf of Operator.

(p) Any amount due and payable hereunder that is not paid on the date it is due shall bear interest until
paid at the maximum lawful rate of interest permitted to be charged under Applicable Laws. Notwithstanding any
provision of this Agreement to the contrary, it is the intent of Authority and Operator that Authority shall not be entitled
to receive, collect, reserve or apply, as interest, any amount in excess of the maximum amount of interest permitted to be
charged under Applicable Laws. In the event this Agreement requires a payment of interest that exceeds the maximum
amount of interest permitted to be charged under Applicable Laws, such interest shall not be received, collected, charged
or reserved until such time as that interest, together with all other interest then payable, falls within the maximum amount
of interest permitted to be charged under Applicable Laws. In the event Authority receives any such interest in excess of
the maximum amount of interest permitted to be charged under Applicable Laws, the amount that would be excessive
interest shall be deemed a partial prepayment hcrcunder and treated as such, or, if this Agreement has been terminated,
any remaining excess funds shall immediately be paid to Operator.

(q@) This Agreement shall be governed by and constructed in accordance with the laws of the State of
Tennessee.

(x) No waiver by a party hereto of a default by the other party in the performance or observance of
any of the terms, covenants and conditions hereof shall be construed as, or shall operate as, a waiver of any
subsequent default of any of the terms, covenants or conditions herein contained to be performed, kept and observed
by such other party.


{s) The parties hereto understand and agree that this instrament contains the entire agrecment between
the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Each party hereto further understands and agrees that the
other party and its agents have made no representations or promises with respect to this Agreement or the making or
entry into this Agreement except as expressly set forth herein. Each party hereto acknowledges that it has thoroughly
read this Agreement, including any exhibits or attachments hereto, arid has sought and received such competent advice
and counsel as was necessary for it to form a full and complete understanding of all rights and obligations herein.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Authority and Operator have execited this Agreement as of the date first
written above.
AUTHORITY: METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE
AIRPORT AUTHORITY:
WITNESS: APPROVED:
A
TY) f
0 CaN HeMbessa: Lg l
Ok Holloway av Raul L. Regalado, C.AS
faff Secretary President and Chief Executive Officer
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY: RECOMMENDED BY:
OD LF
io ny li om. (_— Db fy,
= Ae aft: ( MAL LLAA PF x
Margaret Holleman — M. O. Burgess, Ir., A.A 6.
Assistant Legal Officer Executive Vice Presid & Chief(Opofating Officer
OPERATOR: SIMPLY WHEELZ LLC
Advantage Rent A Car
Company g \ es
By:
Namie: _S4
Tile: Vice President ———_____


STATE OF TENNESSEE
COUNTY OF DAVIDSON
Before me, ___ , a uolary public of the state and
county mentioned, personally appeared Raul L. Regalado, with whom I am personally acquainted (or proved to me on
the basis of satisfactory evidence), and who, upon oath, acknowledged himself to be President and Chief Executive
Officer of Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority, the within bargainor, a corporation, and that he as such President
and Chief Executive Officer, being authorized so to do, executed the foregoing instrument for the purpose therein
contained, by personally signing the name of the corporation by himself as President and Chief Executive Officer.
Witness my hand and seal, at office in Nashville, Tennessee, this _dayof _ 9 20.
eS
NOTARY PUBLIC
My Commission Expires:
[SEAL]


LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
STATE OF __ NEW JERSEY )
COUNTY OF _pEpRGENy )
Before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public of the statc and county mentioned, personally appeared
Simon Ellis , with whom I am personally acquainted (or proved to me on the basis of
satisfactory evidence), and who, upon oath, acknowledged self tobe Vice President of
Simply_Wheel z LLC * , the within named bargainor,a_Delaware limited liability company,
and that " he as such _yiog p 3 being authorized to do so, executed the foregoing instrument
for the purpose therein contained, by personally signing the name of the limited liability company as
Vice-President * dba Advantage Rent A Car :
Witness my hand and seal, at office in Park Ri dge.. NI » this 4 d day of
December — 20_10 . ; .
_ Lendns Aiea
Notary Public
; ~ [SEAL]
My Commission Expires: Hat fr 7
CORPORATE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT NOTARY PUBL Or MEN
AEE AE ACRNONLEDGEMENT IC OF NEW JERSEY
14 COMMESSION Exemes JAN. 24, 2016
STATE OF )
COUNTYOF_
Before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public of the state and county mentioned, personally appeared
_ , with whom I am personally acquainted (or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory
evidence), and who, upon oath, acknowledged self to be ee of
ee __, the within named bargainor,a_SCSCSCSCSCrporattin, rnd that
_heassuch ss —i‘C_COS¥ Being authorized to do so, executed the foregoing instrument for the
purpose therein contained, by personally signing the name of the corporationas :
Witness my hand and seal, at office in ee oe  » this day of
200,
Notary Public
{SEAL}
My Commission Expires: ee


Exhibit A
CLASS LV. OFF-AIRPORT RENTAL CAR OPERATORS

1. Capitalized terms used in this Exhibit A and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings
assigned to them elsewhere in this Agreement.

2. During the term of this Agreement, Operator shall have a non-exclusive, revocable license solely (a)
to operate Commercial Vehicles that transport patrons of off-Airport rental car agencies to and/or from the Airport for
the convenience of passengers utilizing the Airport and patrons and tenants of the Airport; (b) to use Airport common
usc roadways for ingress and egress, subject to the Policy and other Applicable Laws; (c) to park Operator's Commercial
Vehicles in the non-exclusive Commercial Loading Zones designated by Authority on the ground transportation level of
the Terminal for not more than fifteen (15) minutes at any one time for the purpose of loading patrons; and (d) to unload
patrons in the non-exclusive Commercial Loading Zones designated by Authority on the passenger departing level and
ground transportation level of the Terminal.

3. Operator shall not load and/or unload passengers on the passenger arriving level of the Terminal
except with the prior consent of Authority.

4, Authority shall issue to Operator one Decal per Commercial Vehicle of Operator, as specified in
Operator’s approved application for this Agreement. The Decal shall be a visual indicator and control device designating
that such Commercial Vehicle is authorized by Authority to operate at the Airport. A Decal must be permanently affixed
to the right rear bumper of each Commercial Vehicle of Operator that operates at the Airport. Each Decal shall be and
remain the property of Authority, and removal of a Decal from the Commercial Vehicle to which it was originally
affixed or the transfer of a Decal to any other vehicle without the prior written consent of Authority shal] result in the
immediate termination of this Agreement without notice, opportunity to cure or other process whatsoever. In the event
that Operator discontinues using a Commercial Vehicle bearing a Decal in its operations at the Airport, Operator shall
present such Commercial Vehicle to Authority so that Authority may remove the Decal from such Commercial Vehicle.
Until a Decal is removed from a Commercial Vehicle of Operator, Operator shall continue to be responsible for any fees
payable with respect to such Commercial Vehicle under the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

5. Operator shall immediately report to Authority all changes, additions or deletions in its fleet of
Commercial Vehicles, including vehicle length, width, seats, color, make, model, year, license tag number and vehicle
identification number (VIN). A charge of $15.00 shall be charged Operator for each Decal issued.


Exhibit B
CLASS IV — OFF-AIRPORT RENTAL CAR OPERATORS

1. Capitalized terms used in this Exhibit B and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings
assigned to them elsewhere in this Agreement.

2. Operator agrees to pay Authority the following:

(a) On or before the first day of each month, in advance and without notice during the term of
this Agreement, a monthly fee for each Commercial Vehicle operated by Operator at the Airport pursuant to
this Agreement equal to $150.00 per Small Commercial Vehicle, $200.00 per Mid-Size Commercial Vehicle
and $250.00 per Large Commercial Vehicle; and

(b) The excess, if any, between nine and one-quarter percent (9.25%) of Operator’s
monthly Gross Revenues and the amount paid by Operator pursuant to item 2(a) above for such month. On
or before the fifteenth day of each month during the term of this Agreement, Operator shall furnish
Authority a written statement certifying Operator’s Gross Revenues for the immediately preceding month
and pay the payment required under this item 2(b) for such immediately preceding month. Operator shall
provide such written statement of Operator’s monthly Gross Revenues as required hereunder even if no
payment is due under this item 2(b) for such month.

(c) Operator shall collect a daily Customer Facility Charge on all vehicle rental transactions
with Airport Customers as specifically set forth in the Authority Resolution. The Customer Facility Charge
shall be identified on a separate line below the sales tax line on the customer’s rental contract, in the amount
established from time to time by Authority, and shall be described as the “Customer Facility Charge” or
“CFC.” Operator must collect the Customer Facility Charge at the time the first payment is made for a
qualifying vehicle rental transaction and must remit the full amount of the Customer Facility Charge to
Authority regardless of whether or not the full amount of such Customer Facility Charge is actually
collected by Operator from the person who rented the vehicle. Operator acknowledges the critical
importance of collecting and remitting to Authority the Customer Facility Charge proceeds in the amount
established by Authority from time to time in order for Authority not to default in the payment and
performance of the Bond Obligations. If Operator fails to collect the Customer Facility Charge from its
customers in the amount or as of the date established for collection by Authority, Operator shall be liable to
Authority for payment of the Customer Facility Charge proceeds that should have been collected. If
Operator fails to remit any Customer Facility Charge proceeds to Authority, Operator also shall be liable to
Authority for payment of the Customer Facility Charge proceeds that should have been remitted. Operator
further acknowledges and agrees that Authority shall be entitled to the specific enforcement of this
provision and waives any defense it may have to a lawsuit brought by Authority or any other party in
interest for Operator’s specific performance of its obligations hereunder

3. Authority reserves the right to audit Operator’s books and records of Gross Revenues at any time
for the purpose of verifying Operator’s Gross Revenues. If, as a result of such an audit, it is established that Operator
has understated it’s Gross Revenues for the applicable period by two percent (2%) or more, the entire expense of such
audit shall be paid by Operator. Operator shall immediately pay any additional amounts of Gross Revenues identified
as due to Authority pursuant to such audit with interest thereon at the maximum rate permitted to be charged under
Applicable Laws from the date such amounts were originally due and payable to Authority.
