MEMORANDUM Of UNQERSTANU[NG 
THIS MEMOoNDUM OF UNDERSTANDING (this "Agreement") i made and 
eptered into as of rheʤ day of ʥ • 2020 (th "Effec1ive Date") by and between TUE
METROPOLITAN GOV RNMENT 
F NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON 
OUNTY (lhe 
"Metropolitan Government") and THE CONVENTION CENTER AUTHORITY OF THE
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY (the 
"Convention Center Authority"). 
WITNESSETH: 
WHEREAS, the Convention Center Authority issued Tourism Tax Revenue Bonds, 
including Series 2010B, to pay the costs associated with planning, designing, engineering, 
acquiring, constructing, equipping, furnishing, improving, repairing, refurbishing and opening 
the Music City Center; 
WHEREAS, as a part of the bond financing for the Music City Center, the Convention 
Center Authority entered into an Indenture of Trust, dated as of April 1, 2010, by and between 
the Convention Center Authority and U.S. Bank National Association, as the Trustee, pursuant to 
which the Series 2010B Bonds were issued (the "Indenture;" capitalized terms used but not 
defined in this Agreement have the meanings given them in the Indenture); 
WHEREAS, the Indenture, pursuant to Section 5.02(f), established a Surplus Revenue 
Fund, which was .further described in Section 5.10; 
WHEREAS, the purpose of the Surplus Revenue Fund was to (i) receive and hold all 
Tourism Tax Revenues and Project Operating Revenues which are not otherwise used to pay 
Operating Expenses or required to be deposited into any other Fund or Account in accordance 
with Section 5.05 of the Indenture, and (ii) make disbursements into other Funds and Accounts 
or to Persons, including, without limitation, the Metropolitan Government, as required by the 
Indenture; 
WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 5.lO(b) of the lndenture, all moneys on deposit in the 
Surplus Revenue Fund shall be used and applied in the following order: (i) for the payment of 
Operating Expenses as and when such expenses arise to the extent moneys are unavailable in the 
Revenue Fund for such purpose, (ii) to cure any deficiency in the Debt Service Fund, (iii) to cure 
any deficiency in the Debt Service Reserve Fund, (iv) to reimburse the Metropolitan Government 
for all NonʦTax Revenues used to pay Debt Service and (v) with the consent and at the direction 
of the Director of Finance, for any other lawful purposP; 
WHEREAS, the Convention Center Authority receives certain Tourism Tax Revenues 
from the Metropolitan Government under the Intergovernmental Project Agreement (Convention 
Center Project) dated as of February 1, 2010, by and between the Metropolitan Government, the 
Convention Center Authority and The Metropolitan Development and Housing Agency of 
Nashville and Davidson County, including (i) revenues received by the Metropolitan 
Government and granted to the Issuer under the terms of the Intergovernmental Agreement 
derived from 3% of the 6% hotel/motel tax imposed pursuant to Tennessee Code Annotated 
l 
{ 02036772.3 ) 
  L-4378
ARCHIVE
11:33 pm, May 08 2020


Section 7-4-102 and Metropolitan Code Section 5.12.020 to be charged, per night, to the 
occupant of any hotel, motel or other specified transient lodging within the Metropolitan 
Government, less that portion of such tax required to be deposited to the Metropolitan 
Government General Fund pursuant' to Section 7-4-102(b)(3) and Section 7-4-llO(f) of the 
Tennessee Code Annotated (the "Hotel/Motel Tax Revenues"); (ii) revenues received by the 
Metropolitan Government from $2.00 of the $2.50 hotel room occupancy tax to be charged, per 
night, to the occupant of any hotel, motel or other specified transient lodging within the 
Metropolitan Government pursuant to Tennessee Code Annotated Section 7-4-202 and 
Metropolitan Code Section 5.12.120 and granted to the Issuer by the Metropolitan Government 
under the terms of the Intergovernmental Agreement (the "Room Occupancy Tax Revenues"); 
and (Hi) revenues received by the Metropolitan Government pursuant to TCA 67-6-103 from the 
diversion of sales tax revenues collected at the Convention Center Project and any convention 
center hotel that is approved by the Tennessee Department of Finance and Administration in 
accordance with TCA 67-6-103 (the "MCCA Campus Sales Tax Revenues"); 
WHEREAS, the Convention Center Authority has previously paid and transferred to the 
Metropolitan Government various sums as provided in prior memorandums of understanding; 
and 
WHEREAS, the Metropolitan Government and the Convention Center Authority 
(collectively, the "parties") wish to enter into this Agreement to provide for two allocations and 
transfers of a portion of the Hotel Motel Tax Revenues, the Room Occupancy Tax Revenues and 
the MCCA Campus Sales Tax Revenues (collectively, the "Revenues") held in the Surplus 
Revenue Fund and/or from operating revenues, and after the making of such payments this 
Agreement will terminate. 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, the mutual promises and 
benefits hereinafter set forth, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and legal 
sufficiency of which are acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows: 
1.
A)locmio11 p( Sumlus Revenues. Pursuant to the Indenture, and in complete
satisfaction of the Director of Finance's rights or ability to transfer or request funds pursuant to 
Section 5.10(b) of the Indenture, the Convention Center Authority agrees to transfer to the 
Metropolitan Government from the MCCA Campus Sales Tax Revenues and/or operating 
revenues: (i) for Fiscal Year 2020 by May 1, 2020, the sum of Fiy 
Million Dollars 
($5,000,000.00) and (ii) for Fiscal Year 2021 by July 1, 2020, the additional sum of Thirty-Five 
Million Dollars ($35,000,000.00). 
2.
Torm. 
This Agreement, and the duties and responsibilities of the parties
hereunder, shall begin on the Effective Date and shall terminate upon the final payment from the 
Convention Center Authority to the Metropolitan Government as contemplated in paragraph 1. ̓
-
Default. In the event any of the parties hereto shall fail to perform any of its 
obligations hereunder or shall become unable to perform by reason of bankruptcy, insolvency, 
receivership or other similar event, then the non-defaulting party, so long as said party is not 
itself in default hereunder, may seek specific performance, mandamus or other extraordinary 
relief to compel the defaulting party to perform hereunder. Notwithstanding anything to the 
2 
(02mH772.3 I 
ARCHIVE


contrary herein, termination of this Agreement shall not be permitted if such termination would 
impair in any way the ability or capacity of any of the parties hereto to fully and timely fulfill its
obligations under· any contract or agreement with any third party. 
4.
SeyerahilILy. If a court of competent jurisdktion determines that any term of this
Agreement is lnvalid or unenforceable to any extenl under applicable law, the remainder of this 
Agreement (and the application of chis Agreement to other circumstances) shall not be affected 
thereby, and each remaining term shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by 
law. 
5.
Govcrnjnα I ,aw mid Venue. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee. Venue for any litigation arising out of this 
Agreement shall he in the courts of Davidson County Tennessee. 
6.
·,lllirc Ai:recment. This Agreement contains the entire understanding between the
parties with respect to the matters contained herein and supersedes any prior understanding and 
agreements between them respecting the within subject matter. There are no representations, 
agreements, arrangements or understandings, oral or written, between the parties hereto relating 
to the subject matter of this Agreeruenl which are not fully expressed herein. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, to the extent this Agreement or any of the tenns hereof shall conflict with the 
tenns of any of the other documents or agreements referenced herein, the terms of said 
documents or agreernenlS shall control. 
7.
Headings. The paragraph headings are inserted only as a matter of convenience
and for references and in no way define, limit or describe the scope or intent of this Agreement 
or in any way affect this Agreement. 
8.
rorce Majeure. No party shall have any liability to any other party hereunder by
reason of any delay or failure to perform any obligation or covenant if the delay or failure to 
perform is occasioned by force majcure, meaaing any act of God, storm, fire, casualty, work 
stoppage, strike, lockout, labor dispute, civil disturbance, riot, war, national emergency, act of 
Government, act of public enemy, or other cause of similar or dissimilar nature beyond its 
control. 
9.
Mai11LC:1Jr!lJCl' of Records. The books, records, and documents of Lhe parties, as
they relate to any money received under this Agreement, shall be maintained in accordance with 
the Metropolitan Government's record retention policies, generally for a period of seven (7) 
years from the date of the payment. The records shall be maintained in accordance with 
genera Hy accepted accounting principles. 
[Remainder of this page is intentionally blank. 
Signature page follows.} 
3 
{02038772.3 I 
ARCHIVE


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed 
by their duly authorized officers as of the date first written above. 
THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF CONVENTION CENTER AUTHORI1Y OF 
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY: 
TIIE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF 
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY: 
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILJ1Y 
OFFUNDS 
Director of Finance 
{02038772.3 } 
Chairman 
ATTEST: 
Secretary 
ATIEST: 
 Metropolitan Clerk 
e-filed
ARCHIVE
