A-Yoy
CLASS IV - OFF-AIRPORT PARKING OPERATOR JUN 16 2011
COMMERCIAL GROUND TRANSPORTATION PERMI
: ETROPOLITAN
CLERK
. THIS PERMIT FOR COMMERCIAL GROUND TRANSPORTATION (the “Agreement”) is entered
into as of this AFMlay of __ Jaly . 201|, by and between METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE AIRPORT
AUTHORITY, a public corppratign created, Purgyant to Tennessee Code Annotated Sections 42-4-:01, e svg., (the
“Authority”), and t t gat tn c K LL ,» a company licensed to do business in the State of Tennessee
(the “Operator’’).

WHEREAS, Authority is the owner and operator of the Nashville International Airport (the “Airport”) in
Nashville, Tennessee; and

WHEREAS, Operator desires to operate a commercial ground transportation business at the Airport; anc

WHEREAS, Authority has agreed to allow Operator to conduct its business at the Airport subject to the terms
of this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the terms and conditions of this Agreemer t, and other good
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledzed, Authority and Operator
hereby agree as follows:

1. Policy. This Agreement is subject in all respects to the terms and conditions of the Commercial

Ground Transportation Policy of Authority as in effect on the date of this Agreement and as it is

amended and modified from time to time. For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Policy” shall

mean such Commercial Ground Transportation Policy of Authority and all amendmeats and

modifications thereto from time to time. Operator hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Policy

. as in effect on the date of this Agreement. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement
. shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Policy. :

2. Permit. Subject to the terms of the Policy and this Agreement, Authority hereby grants a revocable.
non-exclusive Permit to Operator for the following commercial ground transportation operator classification:

CLASS IV — OFF-AIRPORT PARKING OPERATOR

(a) During the term of this Agreement, Operator shall have a non-exclusive, revocable license solely (i) to
operate Commercial Vehicles that transport patrons of off-Airport parking facilities to and/or from the Airport for the
convenience of passengers utilizing the Airport and patrons and tenants of the Airport; (ii) 10 use comiion-use
Airport roadways for ingress and egress, subject to the Policy and other Applicable Laws; (iii) tc park Operator's
Commercial Vehicles in the non-exclusive Commercial Loading Zones designated by Authority on the ground
transportation level of the Terminal for twenty (20) minutes per trip to or from the Airport fo the purpose of
loading patrons; and (iv) to unloed patrons in the non-exclusive Commercial Lozding Zones designated bv
Authority on the passenger departing level and ground transportation level of the ““erminal.

(b) Operator’s Corimercial Vehicles waiting to load or unload passengers must be dositiored in the
Commercial Loading Zones designated by Authority for Commercial Vehicles of that type, and shal! renain therein only
for the period herein provided. Operator shall not leave any Commercial Vehicle unattended while parked in any
Commercial Loading Zone at the Airport. Operator shall not load and/or unload on the passenger arriving ievel of
the Terminal except by the prior written consent of Authority.

(c) Authority shall issue to Operator one Decal per Commercial Vehicle of Operator, as specified in

Operator’s approved application for this Agreement. The Decal shall be a visual indicator and control device installed by

. Authority designating that such Commercial Vehicle is authorized by Authority to-operate at the Airport. A Decal must
be permanently affixed to the right rear bumper of each Commercial Vehicle of Operator that operates at the Airport.

Each Decal shall be and remain the property of Authority, and removal of a Decal from the Commercial Vehicle t> whica

it was originally affixed or the transfer of a Decal to any other vehicle shall result in the immediate termination of this

Agreement without further notice, opportunity to cure or other process whatsoever. In the event thar Operator


discontinues using a Commercial Vehicle bearing a Decal belonging to the Airport, Operator shall present such Vehicle
to Authority so that Authority may remove the Decal from such Commercial Vehicle. Until a Decal is removed from a
Commercial Vehicle of Operator, Operator shall continue to be responsible for fees payable with respect to such
Commercial Vehicle under the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

(d) Additionally, Authority shall issue Operator one AVI Transponder Tag per Commercial Veaicle of
Operator, as specified in Operator’s approved application for this Agreement. The AV] Transponder Tag shall be a
control device installed by Authority on each Commercial Vehicle of Operator for the purpose of recording Trip activity
of each Commercial Vehicle operated at the Airport. Each AVI Transponder Tag shall be and remain the proverty of
Authority, and removal of an AVI Transponder Tag from the Commercial Vehicle to which it was originally aftixed or
the transfer of an AVI Transponder Tag to any other vehicle shall resuit in the immediate termination of this Ag-eement
without further notice, opportunity to cure or other process whatsoever. In the event that Operator discontinues using «
Commercial Vehicle bearing an AVI Transponder Tag belonging to the Airport. Operator shall preser:t such Vehicle to
Authority so that Authority may remove the AV! Transponder Tag from such Vehicle. Until a1 AV} Tiansponder Tag is
removed from a Commercial Vehicle of Operator, Operator shall continue to be responsible for fees payable with respect
to such Commercial Vehicle under the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

. (e) Operator shall immediately report to Authority all changes, additions or deletions in its fleet of
Commercial Vehicles, including vehicle length, width, seats, color, make, model, year, license tag number and vehicle .
identification number (VIN).

3. Term. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and shall expire on June 30 of
the following year; provided, however, that (i) the term of this Agreement shall be automatically renewed and extended
for an additional one year term commencing on July | of each year unless Authority or Operator sha'l provide a rotice of
non-renewal to the other no later than thirty (30) days prior to the then existing expiration date of the term hereof: and (ii)
either party may cancel this Agreement upon thirty (30) days prior notice to the other party at any tine for any reason;
and (iii) Authority may suspend this Agreement, or may bar the use by Operator of a varticular Driver, egent 0: empioyee
or Commercial Vehicle. if Operator, such Driver, agent or employee or such Commercial Vehicle is fourid to have
violated the Policy, any Applicable Laws (as defined herein) or this Agreement: and (iv) Authority may terminate this
Agreement without forfeiture, waiver or release of Authority’s righis to any sum due or to become due urder the
provisions of this Agreement upon default by Operator in the payment of the fees required hereunder or viol: tion by
Operator of any of the other provisions of this Agreement and the failure of Operator to remedy such default cr violation
within ten (10) days after notice from Authority to Operator of such default or violation, provided, however, that no such
ten (10) day notice shall be required in those instances in which a provision of this Agreement grants to Authority the
right to terminate this Agreement immediately upon Operator’s violation of or failure to comply with the terms he eof.

4, Fees and Charges. Operator agrees to pay Authority al! applicable fees and charges set forth in
Appendix F of the Commercial Ground Transportation Policy of Authority incorporated herein by reference «nd made a
part hereof; provided, however, that the fees and charges set forth in Appendix F of the Policy are sub:ect to adjustment
in accordance with amendments and modifications to the Policy froma time to time. Any adjustinert to the fees and
charges due hereunder shall be effective not less than thirty (30) days after notice to Operator from .\uthority of suci

. adjustment to the fees and charges to be due hereunder together with a copy of the amendment to or modification of the
Policy pursuant to which such adjustment shall occur.

5. Obligations of Operator. Operator shall comply in all respects with the Policy and all Apolicable
Laws (as defined herein). For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Applicable Laws” shall mean all present and future
laws, ordinances, orders, directives, rules, codes, regulations and decrees of federal, state and municipal authorities and
agencies and their respective agencies, departments, authorities and commissions (individually, a “Goveramental
Authority” and collectively, the “Governmental Authorities”) and all present and future grant ass:races provided by
Authority to any Governmental Authority in connection with Authority’s ownership or operation of the Airpor' and a:!
other rules, regulations, policies and procedures of Authority, as the same may 9e zmended, modiiiec or up tated fron
time to time. For purposes of this Agreement, “(jovernmental Authorities” shall spezifical:y i1c!ude, \ ‘ithout limitation.
Authority, The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson Sounty. the Siate of Teanessve, the Ui ited States
Department of Transportation, tae Fedral Aviation Administration (the “FAA”) and the Transportation Security
Administration (the “TSA”).

5
ARCHIVE


6. Assignment: Sub-License. Operator shall not assign or sub-license, or otherwise purport to a.ithorize
or allow any other person or entity to exercise, the Permit or its rights granted in this Agreement without the prior written
consent of Authority, which Authority may grant or withhold in its sole discretion.

7. Deposit. As security for Operator's full, faithful and prompt performance of and compiiance with a.
covenants, terms and conditions of this Agreement, Operator hereby deposits with Authority the sum of

. Vind ____ Dollars ($_9_.00) (the “Deposit”). In adiition .o any and cll othcr remedies
available to it under this Agreement or otherwise. Authority shall have the right, at its option at any time and fiom time to
time, to use the Deposit or any part thereof in whole or partial satisfaction of anv of its ciaims or demands against
Operator and for the payment of attorneys’ fees for the enforcement of any of its claims or demands against Overator.
Authority shall have no obligation to exercise such right, and neither the existence of such right nor the holdins of the
Deposit itself shall cure any default or breach on the part of Operator. In the event that Authority shall at any time or
times so use the Deposit or any part thereof, Operator shall, within two (2) days after demand by Authority, depesit with
Authority additional cash so as to maintain the Deposit at all times at the full amount stated above and «ll such additional
funds so deposited shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. W:thin thirty (30) davs after the
expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement and upon written request therefor by Operator, Authority wil retura
the Deposit to Operator, less the amount of any and al! unpaid claims and damage: of Authority jiercunder Cperater
hereby waives any right to any in:erest wiich muy or could be earned on the Denos during tie tern ¢ f tne .grezemen:.
Authority shall have no obligation to segregate the Deposit from other funds of Authcrity.

8. Documents Incorporated _by Reference. The following documents are incorporated in this
Agreement by reference and made a part hereof as if fully set forth in this Agreement: (i) the Policy. (ii) the Application
for this Agreement submitted by Operator and (iii) all policies of insurance providing the insurance coverages :equired
under this Agreement (including, without limitation, those required under the Policy).

9. Indemnification. | Operator shall protect, defend, indemnify and hold Authority and its
commissioners, officers, and employees harmless from and against any and all suits, losses, costs, claims. damages,
demands, penalties, fines, settkements, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, attorncys fees, court costs
and litigation expenses) arising by reason of the injury to or death of any perscn or damage to ny p:operty of any nature
whatsoever arising out of or incident to (i) this Agreement, (ii) Operator’s perform ance cr exerci: e of tne Per nit an

: rights granted under this Agreement, (iii) an intentional act or a negligent act or om:ssion >of any o: Oerato:’s Jriver:,
officers, employees, agents, contractors, subcontractors, licensees or invitees regar less cf where the injur, Geath or
damage may occur, or (iv) the failure of Operator to comply with any /\pplicasle Lays. Tle} rovision. 0: thi. Section )
shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement.

10. Costs of Enforcement. If legal action is necessary to enforce the terms of this Agreement,
Operator shall pay all of Authority’s costs incurred in taking such action, inclucing, without limitation, attorneys”
fees. .

MW. Environmentat_ Matters. Operator agrees to comply with al) App iceble Laws tlaiing to the
protection of the environment and the handling and release of any and all substances chem ca s, wastes, sewage or other
materials which are now or hereafter regulated. controlled or prohibited by any 4 pplicasle Law. requiring remova.,
warning or restriction on the use, generation, disposal or transportation thercof, inctucing, witiovt timation. an -
substance defined as a “hazardous siibstance”, “hazardous material’, “hazwdous weste?, ‘toxic ssbsiance” or “ar
pollutant”.

12. Insurance. Operator agrees to comply with all requirements of tie Policy regarding the
maintenance of insurance coverages. In addition, Operator further agrees that stich insurence coverazes ma.ntained
pursuant hereto must provide that they will be considered primary insurance as respects avy other valid and co lectible
insurance which Authority may possess and that any other insurance or self-insued retention of Authority shall be
considered excess insurance only.’ Authority shall have the right to change the insurance coverages required
hereunder, without cost to Authority, if such changes are recommended or ‘mposed by Authority’. insurers
Authority also may require a copy of each insurance policy (including the declarations page and ay enc ors ements

: thereto) by which Operator provides the insurance coverages required hereunder. If Overator snail at anv time fal
to provide any of the insurance coverages required hereunder, Authority may d) ail tings necessary t) e-fect or
maintain such insurance coverage and all amounts expended by it for tha’ purpose sh:ll 9¢ revaii by ( pevator to

3
ARCHIVE


Authority in the month in which such amounts are paid by Authorit:. !f any insu-ance «ov erage re juired hereunder
cannot be obtained for any reason, Authority may require Operator to cease any and ll operations until sucn
insurance coverage is obtained.

13. General Provisions.

(a) Operator certifies to tl e best of its knowledge end belief that: (i- no fedetal'y or s ate-apprc priated
funds have been paid or will be paid by or on behalf of Operator to any persoa for afluenciag or att mpting to
influence an officer or emplovee of any agency of the United States goverament or a rember, off cer o1 ersploye~
of the United States Congress, or an employee of « memver of the United States. Congress, in :o1 ne-tioa \ sith the
awarding of any federal contract, the making of any federal grant or loan, the enier ng into of any c 0, erativ
agreement, or the extension, continuation, renewal. amendment or modification « f any fec eral cor tract, sra rt, loaa
or cooperative agreement; and (:i) if Operator has compensated or does compen ate a: y ve’son for inflier cing cr
attempting to influence an officer or employee of any agency of the United States govern ert, ¢ memer. olficer or
employee of the United States Congress. or any employee of a member of the Uniced Stites. Congress, in connection
with any contract, grant, loan or cooperative agreement, then Operator shall complete an1 submit to Authc rity, in
accordance with its instructions, Standard Form LLL. “Disclosure of Lobbying /.ctivit es”; and (ii) «)perat or shail
require that the language of this certification be included in the award documcnts fer <i] sub-avards it ell tiers

. (including subcontracts, sub-grants and contracts under grants, loans and cooperative agreement's) anc that ul sub-
recipients shall certify and make disclosures in accordance with this Section 12(a)

(b) Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to grant Operator any e> clusive r gh:t o: privilege within the
meaning of Section 308 of the Federal Aviation Act of 1958. as amended (the “Feder.l Avi: tioa Act’), or the conduct ¢ f
any activity at the Airport, except that, subject to the terms and provisions hereof. Operator sha! have tl e righ: to operate
at the Airport under the provisions of this Agreen:ent.

(c) This Agreement is subiect and subordinate to the provisions of any agreement heretofore cr hereafter
made between Authority and any Governmenta! Authority relative to the operation or mi intznance cf tse /.iry ort, the
execution of which has been required as a condition precedent to the trensfer of federal righ $ cr property t. Auth ority for
Airport purposes. or the expenditure of federal funds for the inyproverment or develc pmen: of the Airy ort. inc lusting the
expenditure of federal funds for the development of the Airport in accordance wita the ps ov.sic ns of hc Feveral ¢.viatioa
Act.

(d) No waiver of default by either party of any of the terms, covenant: o- conditions hereia to be
performed, kept and observed by the other party shall be construed as, or shal] ope ate as a waiver cf eny subsequei t
default of any of the terms, covenants or conditions herein contained to be perform ed. ke xt ind onse ve.t by tie othe
party.

(e) All notices, approvals. consents, demands and other communications re jurrec bs this ..gieemer.t
must be in writing to be effective and personally delivered or sent by certitied United States Mail, postage prepaic.
or by a recognized delivery service that provides registered and verifiab.e shipm-nt or airoili trackin, and celiver.
record, with costs prepaid, to the addresses set forth below:

To Authority: Executive Vice President and Chief Operat:ng Officer
Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority
Nashville International Airport
One Terminal Drive. Suite 501
Nashville, Tennessee 37214
W.th a copy to:
Director of Properties
Metropolitan Nashville Airpor. Authoriiy
Nashville International Airport
One Terminai Drive. Suite 501
Nashville, Tenncssee 37214
4
ARCHIVE


Fam Yace. Le
Operator: (wy) Ms: (ince Ww an
“ompany; At
City: _N&shy _ _
Street: _ Ne Lon pk
State. JNM
The person and place to which notices are to be sent may be changed by 1 party herety Lpen wri ten nc tics to the
: other. A notice required or permitted hereunder shall be deemed received on the date that :s three 13) calencar days
after the date on which the notice is deposited in the United States Mail if sent vy certifizd meil, or if xe:sonall.
delivered, on the date such personal delivery is made. If notice is given by a recognized lelivery sei vice, tien the
notice shall be deemed received by the addressee on the date on which tne sig:ature re: eint is recorded sy such
recognized delivery service.

(f) The headings of the several sections of this Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience
and for reference and in no way define, limit or describe the scope or intent of any provisions of this Agreement and sha:
not be construed 1o affect in any manner the terms and provisions hereof or the interp:etation o consiruction thereof.

(g) If one or more clauses, sect ons or previsions 0 this ¢ green ent sfali be hele te be urlawfu,
ivatid or unenforceable, the sarties nereto ag:ce that the material r ghts oe the party hcreco shal iot! e .ffecte i
thereby except to the extent of such holding, and this Agreement sh ll be construed in cH respects is i such invali |
or unenforceable provision were omiitec herefrom.

(h) The parties hereto hereby designate the fo'lowing as their :geiits for service of process ind wi:l
waive any objection to service of process if served upon its agent as set forth belo v:

To Authority: President

Metropolitan Nashville Airpor: Authority
Nashville International Airport
One Terminal Drive. Suite 501
Nashville, Tennessee 37214

: Operator: fi2/ Ms: Vinee Lowmah
Company: 1g Pat bbe
City: NVA! ct _
Street: rll Oe a
State: _ _

(i) Operator hereby waives any claim against Authority and i's commissioners, off cers, emoloyees,
agents, servants, representatives, contractors, subcontractors, affiliates, succcssors and assigns for loss of anticipated
profits caused by any suit or proceedings directly or indirectly attacking the va idity of this .greement cr any pari hereor,
declaring this Agreement to be null, void or voidable, or delaying :he exercise of ai y righ s uncer hi: Agreement. N>
commissioner, officer, employee or agen: of Aushority shali be chorged persone tly or hele comvac ua ly ‘ialie oy or ty
Operator under the terms or provisions of ihis Ag ‘eenent.

(i) The parties nereto furtner covenant and agree that Authority ‘eserves tie ignt to i inteer fevelop cr
improve the Airport as it may see fit, regardless of the desires or views of Operator and without interierence or nindranec.

(k) This Agreement is subject and subordinate to tae provis ons of any agreement heretcfore or
hereafter made between Authority and the United States government relative ‘o the ope at on or maintenance of the
Airport, the execution of which has been required as a condition precedert to the transfer of federai rights or
property to Authority for Airport purposes, or the expenditure of federal fund: fo: the iiprovemen: or development
of the Airport, including the expenditure of federal funds for the development of the Airport in accorcance with
provisions of the Federal Aviation Act. Authority covenants that it has no ex'sting igreements with the Unitet
States government in conflict with the express provisions hereof. The paries incorporete he eit by refer nce a |
provisions lawfully required to be contained herein by any Governmental Avthor:.y.

5
ARCHIVE


() This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of 11e successors and permitied assigns
of the parties hereto.

(m) In the event that a Governmental Authority requires mocifications or chances to this Agreement as 1
condition precedent to the granting of funds for the improvement of she Airpor , or otherwise, Operetor shall rake er
agree to such amendments, modificetiors, revisions, supplemen's or deletions cf way of the temas, condiions or
requirements of this Agreement as may be reasonably recuired and any expease: resul ing ton: sich: an entments.
modifications, revisions, supplements or deletions sha!l be paid by Authority.

(n) Time is of the essence in the verformance of the tems anc cond. ions ¢ftiis Acre: ment. Words ci
any gender used in this Agreement shall be held «nd construed to include any other g onder, werds in th: singt ar number
shall be held to include the plural, and words in the piural number snal! be hele tc inciude the: ingul.r, imivss he context
otherwise requires.

(0) Each individual executing this Agreement on behalf of Operator waran.s tha he cr she vas fu'l
authority to execute this Agreement on benalf of Operator. ,

(p) Any amount due and payable hereunder that is not paid on the date it is due shill sear incer-st until
paid at the maximum lawful rate of intcrest permitted to be charged under Applicable Uaws. Noiwitastind.ng any

: provision of this Agreement to the contrary, it is the intent of Authority and Cperato: that s.utaority shill not be entitled
to receive, collect, reserve or apply, as interest, any amount in excess of the miximu! 1.amo im o! interest permitted to bz
charged under Applicable Laws. In the event this Agreement requires a payer t 01 intere st tha: e> ce ds the miximul
amount of interest permitted to be charged under Applicable Laws, such intcrest shal not bs receive f,  olicet. d, sharge.t
or reserved until such time as that interest. together with ail other in:erest then sa abl», fells wi hia tl es axim: m amourt
of interest permitted to be charged under Applicable Laws. in the ever t Auihcrity reseives an.’ such in erest 11 excess ¢ F
the maximum amount of interest permitted to be charged under Applicable Laws, tae amount that would be excessive
interest shall be deemed a partial prepayment hereunder and treated as such, or, if this Agee nent has been ‘er: inatec,
any remaining excess funds shall immediately be paid to Operator.

(q) This Agreement shall oe governed by and constructed n ac. orcance ‘vita tie avs cP the State of
‘Tennessee.

(r) No waiver by a party hereto of « defauit by the other perty in she pesforman:e or obs-rv ince of
any of the terms, covenants and ccnditions hereof shall be cons:rued as, or hall (pevate ¢s, 1s aiver of an
subsequent default of any of the terms, covenants or conditions here n contcined t» be p rformec. k2pt_an. 0 »serve
by such other party.

(s) The parties hereto urderstand and agree that “his .nstrime it cortaiis the mtve igicemert
between the parties hereto with resjec: to the subject matter hereof. Hach pary hereto further understands ani
agrees that the other party and i's agents have made no representations or drcmi: es wi h respect to this .\gieemerit
or the making or entry into this Agreement except as expressly set forth nereia. Fach pi rty hereto acknowiedzes thet
it has thoroughly read this Agreemem, including any exhibits or attacaments he ‘ete. ard !.as scug! tind eceived suc 1
competent advice and counsel as was necessary for it to form a full and coniplete understanding of all rigats ani

. obligations herein. .

6
ARCHIVE


|
IN WITNESS WHEREOP, Authority and Operator nave exec ited tl is Ag eement as of the dite firs:
written above.
MeTROPOLY TAN NASH /ELL 2
AIRPORT s UTHORITY:
Raul », Regaiado, C AE C 5 -
Presicent and Ciief Execuiive Offic er
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY: RECOMMENDED BY:
L OSonecoa, )
; aE yy . a | -
Mérgaret Holieman M O. Burgess*r., .¥ -
Assistant Legal (-fficer Exect tive VI ai dC Ce at fice
OVERATOR:
FGA 4 PALE LLC “Dyes
By: Wins, —beseer
Nome Vinee Lewthan
Tile: Gwe _ Te
7


STATE OF TE} NESSEE
COUNTY OF DAVIDSON
Te [

Before ‘ne, ° ol owWA > a notary pubic of the stite ant
ounty mentione|, personal’ a op are qReul .. Regaiado, w th who nf anvpersovalh acguc intec (0: prove it me on th:
vasis of satisiactory evicence). ard wi.o, apon oath, acknowledged himself tc b: Pr sidem ard Ch “fF ix cu ve OFfier
f Metropolitan Nashville Airport Autior ty, the within bargainor, «. cc rpors tion, anc ths, he as ich Prosser ard Chic?
Executive Officer, being au:hcrized sy to do, e-ecuied tne forego ng instrument fe* the fur ore fier cin co ta ned. b
ersonaily signins the neme of he cor: oration by himse?f as Presid-at ng Chief oxe uve foc or.

Witnes: my hand aad se: |, at off ce in Nashville, Tennessee, tris Lay of Une _ _ odl.

WH ayy,
oy My,
5 We ito,
4%
NOTARY PUBLIC =>; . =
My Commission Expires: q ol = ; TENNESSEE 3 =
a B & NOTARY 3 OS
[EAL 4 ms, haem S
: “ty Lig rere ee OAS
“ny MDSoN COS
Hoamanni
Liv FLED LIABILITY COMPANY ACKNOW.WEDGEMENT
STATE OF 4 tw ——“‘i‘C CCC‘*?;S
COUNTY OF __ Oey doom _)
r Before me. the vad rs gned, «a Notary Public of the stave and ccunt’ mer uoied, cersorill a peare i
Vou \hiacent Lomen _ with whom | am personal y acquainted (or proved to mo te rasis ¢~
satisfactory evid nce), ond who, upor cath. acxno.vledged his ei tote Qn.  Ovona@rT —__«
rE bsnk for K 26 the within named barganoya sd tit dal iit) ce moa
ond that he as such being atvchorized te ds se exec ite. tie or go ag me rumert
or yaa awe tigeein ccateined by personaily signing the name o° tie linited lie oil ty co mpinv is
a ish {Eck F
Witness my banc ind seai, it office in Nes We, _ TH _ _. this othe cf
\, yr ss 20.\C
Notary Public 7 OO 7
[\EAL!
My Commission Expires: __ 1 SLX MY
Gras
8
unrror or


CORPORATE ACKNOWLEDGEM iNT
: STATE OF _ )
COUNTY OF __ )
Before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public of the state and ccunty mentioned, personally a speared
, , with whom | am personally acquainted (or proved to me on the be sis of : ati sfactory
evidence), and who, upon oath, acknowledged sclf to be _ ee
: ___, the within named bargainor, a _ _ Jor oratio a, and thet
__heas such , being authorized to do so. exect.ed the foregoing nsivun en for the
purpose therein contained, by personaliy signing the name of the corporation as oe
Witness my hind and seal. at office in . ee tis diy of
on
Notery Public ; -
[SEAL
My Commission Expires:
PAP.TNERSHIP ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
STATE OF _)
COUNTY OF _ ___ )
Before ne, the undesiened. a Notary Public of the stare and county aforeme itic ned, e:so: all: a speared
; ____, with whom { am personally acqua.nted (or prove to ine on the Lasis cf
satisfactory evidence), «nd who, upon oath, acknowledged selitobe spat ther of
_ _, he within named bargainor, a _ 2a the:sh'p, ind thet
__he, as such _____ partner, being authorized to do so, executed ine foregoing iistrument for the
purpose therein contained by signing the name of the _ pirtrership oy _ __ self as
: partner.
Witness my hand and seal. a: office in _ . —_, ths — day cf
20.
N stery Public i
(sEAL
My Commission &xpires:
9


NDIVIDUAL ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

STATE OF )
COUNTY OF i)

On tis dy of » 22, vefere oe ve soiaiv ap cre

to ime Known to be the person dercrite: i one wio ex cires ths

foregoing instru nen’, andi ckao viec ze thit_ _h exectted the saineas_ ___ fr e act inc dec

Witnes my hand, at oflice, hi, ayeof

| Notary Public _ —
[SEAL!
My Commission Expires: _ _
19
