A .3/019

Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and

Hands on Nashville Contract #_L.-312© February 5, 2014

GRANT CONTRACT
BETWEEN THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
AND
Hands on Nashville

This Grant Contract issued and entered into pursuant to RS2013-881 by and between the Metropolitan

Government of Nashville and Davidson County, a municipal corporation of the State of Tennessee

hereinafter referred to as “Metro”, and Hands on Nashville, hereinafter referred to as the “Recipient,” is for

the provision of, “to provide and promote community gardening through agriculture,” as further defined in
the "SCOPE OF PROGRAM." The recipient's audit is incorporated herein by reference.

A. SCOPE OF PROGRAM:

A.1. The Recipient shall use the funds to provide services to the citizens of Davidson County.
Incorporated into this contract is the program described in Attachment 1, the application
submitted by the Recipient and any of its amendments, which is attached hereto and made a part
thereof. The Recipient shall work toward the following outcomes:

“To purchase supplies and materials needed for the construction of raised beds and marketing
flyers to promote the Whites Creek Community Garden.”

A2. These funds shall be expended consistent with the proposed budget, included in Attachment 1.
The Recipient shall collect data to evaluate the effectiveness of their services and provide those
results to Metro as requested.

A.3. The recipient shall utilize Metro funding only for services the Recipient provides to documented
residents of Davidson County. Documentation of residency shall be established with a recent
utility bill; voter's registration card; driver's license or other government issued-ID; current record
from a school showing address; affidavit by landlord; or affidavit by a nonprofit treatment, shelter,
half-way house, or homeless assistance entity located within Davidson County. Utilization of
Metro funding for services to non-Davidson County residents is unallowable.

A. Additionally, the recipient shall collect data on the primary county of residence of the clients it
serves and provide that data to Metro, upon request.

B. GRANT CONTRACT TERM:

B.1. Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant shall be for a period of ten (10) months,
commencing on July 1, 2013 and ending on April 30, 2014. Metro shall have no obligation for
services rendered by the Recipient which are not performed within this term.

Cc. PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

C.1.. Maximum Liability. In no event shall the maximum liability of Metro under this Grant Contract
exceed $2,800.00 dollars (two thousand eight hundred). The proposed budget, attached and
incorporated herein as part of Attachment 1, shall constitute the maximum amount to be provided
to the Recipient by Metro for all of the Recipient's obligations hereunder. The proposed budget
line items include, but are not limited to, all applicable taxes, fees, overhead, and all other direct
and indirect costs incurred or to be incurred.by the Recipient.

This amount shall constitute the Grant Amount and the entire compensation to be provided to the
Recipient by Metro.
1


Grant contract between the elas ee} Government of Nashville and Davidson County and

Hands on Nashville Contract # L~ 12 8 March 31, 2014

C.2. Compensation Firm. The maximum liability of Metro is not subject to escalation for any reason.
The Grant proposed budget amount is firm for the duration of the Grant Contract and is not
subject to escalation for any reason unless the grant contract is amended.

C.3. Payment Methodology. The Recipient shall be compensated for actual costs based upon the
proposed budget, not to exceed the maximum liability established in Section C.1.

Upon progress toward the completion of the work, as described in Section A of this Grant
Contract, the Recipient shall submit invoices to demonstrate that the funds are used as required
by this Grant, prior to any payment for allowable costs. Such invoices shall be submitted and
indicate at a minimum the amount charged by proposed budget line-item for the period invoiced,
the amount charged by line-item to date, the total amount charged for the period invoiced, and
the total amount charged under this Grant Contract to date.

All invoices shall be sent to Metro Payment Services, PO Box 196301, Nashville TN 37219-
6301. Said payment shall not exceed the maximum liability of this Grant Contract.

Final invoices for the contract period should be received by Metro Payment Services by May 14,
2014. Any invoice not received by the deadline date will not be processed and all remaining
grant funds will expire.

C.4. Expenditure Report. The Recipient shall submit a final grant Expenditure Report at the end of the
Grant Contract. Said report shall be in form and substance acceptable to Metro and shall be
prepared by the Chief Financial Officer of the Recipient Organization.

C.5. Paymentof invoice. The payment of any invoice by Metro shail not prejudice Metro's right to
object to the invoice or any matter in relation thereto. Such payment by Metro shall neither be
construed as acceptance of any part of the work or service provided nor as an approval of any of
the costs included therein.

C.6. Unallowable Costs. The Recipient's invoice shall be subject to reduction for amounts included in
any invoice or payment theretofore made which are determined by Metro, on the basis of audits
or monitoring conducted in accordance with the terms of this Grant Contract, to constitute
unallowable costs. Utilization of Metro funding for services to non-Davidson County residents is
unallowable.

C.7. Deductions. Metro reserves the right to adjust any amounts which are or shall become due and
payable to the Recipient by Metro under this or any Contract by deducting any amounts which are
or shall become due and payable to Metro by the Recipient under this or any Contract.

C.8. Travel Compensation. Payment to the Recipient for travel, meals, or lodging shall be subject to
amounts and limitations specified in Metro's Travel Regulations and subject to the Grant
proposed budget.

C.9. — Electronic Payment. Metro requires as a condition of this contract that the Recipient shall
complete and sign Metro's form authorizing electronic payments to the Recipient. Recipients who
have not already submitted the form to Metro will have thirty (30) days to complete, sign, and
return the form. Thereafter, all payments to the Recipient, under this or any other contract the
Recipient has with Metro, must be made electronically.

D. STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS:

D.1. Required Approvals. Metro is not bound by this Grant Contract until it is approved by the
appropriate Metro representatives as indicated on the signature page of this Grant.

2


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and

Hands on Nashville Contract # February 5, 2014

D.2. Modification and Amendment. This Grant Contract may be modified only by a written amendment
that has been approved in accordance with all Metro procedures and by appropriate legislation of
the Metropolitan Council.

D.3. Termination for Cause. Should the Recipient fail to properly perform its obligations under this
Grant Contract or if the Recipient violates any terms of this Grant Contract, Metro shall have the
right to immediately terminate the Grant Contract and the Recipient shall return to Metro any and
all grant monies for services or programs under the grant not performed as of the termination
date. The Recipient shall also return to Metro any and all funds expended for purposes contrary
to the terms of the Grant. Such termination shall not relieve the Recipient of any liability to Metro
for damages sustained by virtue of any breach by the Recipient.

D.4. Subcontracting. The Recipient shall not assign this Grant Contract or enter into a subcontract for
any of the services performed under this Grant Contract without obtaining the prior written
approval of Metro. Notwithstanding any use of approved subcontractors, the Recipient shall be
considered the prime Recipient and shall be responsible for all work performed.

D.5. Conflicts of Interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount shall be paid
directly or indirectly to an employee or official of Metro as wages, compensation, or gifts in
exchange for acting as an officer, agent, employee, subcontractor, or consultant to the Recipient
in connection with any work contemplated or performed relative to this Grant Contract.

D.6. —Nondiscrimination. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person shall be
excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination
in the performance of this Grant Contract or in the employment practices of the Recipient on the
grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other classification
which is in violation of applicable laws. The Recipient shall, upon request, show proof of such
nondiscrimination and shall post in conspicuous places, available to all employees and
applicants, notices of nondiscrimination.

D.7. Records. The Recipient shall maintain documentation for all charges to Metro under this Grant
Contract. The books, records, and documents of the Recipient, insofar as they relate to work
performed or money received under this Grant Contract, shall be maintained for a period of three
(3) full years from the date of the final payment or until the Recipient engages a licensed
independent public accountant to perform an audit of its activities. The books, records, and
documents of the Recipient insofar as they relate to work performed or money received under this
Grant Contract shall be subject to audit at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by
Metro or its duly appointed representatives. Records shall be maintained in accordance with the
standards outlined in the Metro Grants Manual. The financial statements shall be prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

D.8. Monitoring. The Recipient's activities conducted and records maintained pursuant to this Grant
Contract shall be subject to monitoring and evaluation by The Metropolitan Office of Financial
Accountability or Metro's duly appointed representatives. The Recipient shall make all audit,
accounting, or financial records, notes, and other documents pertinent to this grant available for
review by the Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability, Internal Audit or Metro’s
representatives, upon request, during normal working hours.

D.9. Reporting. The Recipient shall submit a Final Program Report, no later than April 30, 2014. Said
reports shall detail the outcome of the activities funded under this Grant Contract.

D.10. Strict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist in any one or more cases upon the strict
performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement shall not
be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of any such term, covenant, condition, or provision.

3
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Sogernment of Nashville and Davidson County and

Hands on Nashville Contract #__ 47 9/ 2 March 31, 2014
No term or condition of this Grant Contract shall be held to be waived, modified, or deleted except
by a written amendment by the appropriate parties as indicated on the signature page of this
Grant.

D.11. Insurance. The Recipient agrees to carry adequate public liability and other appropriate forms of
insurance, and to pay all applicable taxes incident to this Grant Contract.

D.12. Metro Liability. Metro shall have no liability except as specifically provided in this Grant Contract.

D. 13. Independent Contractor. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to create a
partnership or joint venture between the Recipient and Metro or to create the relationship of
principal and agent between or among the Recipient and Metro. The Recipient shall not hold
itself out in a manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph. Metro shall not become liable for
any representation, act, or omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph.

D. 14. Indemnification and Hold Harmless.

(a) Recipient shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Metro, its officers, agents and
employees from any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney fees for injuries or damages
arising, in part or in whole, from the negligent or intentional acts or omissions of Recipient, its
officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or independent contractors, in connection
with the performance of the contract, and any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attorney
fees arising from any failure of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub
or independent contractors, to observe applicable laws, including, but not limited to, labor laws
and minimum wage laws.

(b) Metro will not indemnify, defend or hold harmless in any fashion the Recipient from any
claims, regardless of any language in any attachment or other document that the Recipient may
provide.

(c) Recipient shall pay Metro any expenses incurred as a result of Recipient's failure to fulfill any
obligation in a professional and timely manner under this Contract.

(d) Grantee’s duties under this section shall survive the termination or expiration of the grant.

D.15. Force Majeure. The obligations of the parties to this Grant Contract are subject to prevention by
causes beyond the parties’ control that could not be avoided by the exercise of due care
including, but not limited to, acts of God, riots, wars, strikes, epidemics or any other similar cause.

D.16. State, Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with all applicable federal,
state and local laws and regulations in the performance of this Grant Contract.

D.17. Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction and effect of this Grant Contract and any
and all extensions and/or modifications thereof shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The venue for legal action concerning this
Grant Contract shall be in the courts of Davidson County, Tennessee.

D.18. Completeness. This Grant Contract is complete and contains the entire understanding between
the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein, including all the terms and conditions
of the parties’ agreement. This Grant Contract supersedes any and all prior understandings,
representations, negotiations, and agreements between the parties relating hereto, whether
written or oral.

4


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and

Hands on Nashville Contract # February 5, 2014

D.19. Headings. Section headings are for reference purposes only and shall not be construed as part
of this Grant Contract.

D.20. Metro Interest in Equipment. The Recipient shall take legal title to all equipment and to all motor
vehicles, hereinafter referred to as "equipment," purchased totally or in part with funds provided
under this Grant Contract, subject to Metro's equitable interest therein, to the extent of its pro rata
share, based upon Metro's contribution to the purchase price. "Equipment" shall be defined as
an article of nonexpendable, tangible, personal property having a useful life of more than one
year and an acquisition cost which equals or exceeds $5,000.00.

The Recipient agrees to be responsible for the accountability, maintenance, management, and
inventory of all property purchased totally or in part with funds provided under this Grant Contract.
Upon termination of the Grant Contract, where a further contractual relationship is not entered
into, or at any time during the term of the Grant Contract, the Recipient shall request written
approval from Metro for any proposed disposition of equipment purchased with Grant funds. All
equipment shall be disposed of in such a manner as parties may agree as appropriate and in
accordance with any applicable federal, state or local laws or regulations.

D. 21. Assignment—Consent Required. The provisions of this contract shall inure to the benefit of and
shall be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Except for
the rights of money due to Recipient under this contract, neither this contract nor any of the rights
and obligations of Recipient hereunder shall be assigned or transferred in whole or in part without
the prior written consent of Metro. Any such assignment or transfer shall not release Recipient
from its obligations hereunder. Notice of assignment of any rights to money due to Recipient
under this Contract must be sent to the attention of the Metro Department of Finance.

D.22. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or
agree to give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to
solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a gratuity or an offer of
employment in connection with any decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation,
preparations of any part of a program requirement or a purchase request, influencing the content
of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any
other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim
or controversy in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or
controversy or other particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or
subcontract or to any solicitation or proposal therefore. It shall be a breach of ethical standards
for any payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor
under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or a person associated
therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach of the provisions of
this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of ethical standards which may
result in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or suspension from participation in
Metropolitan Government contracts.

D.23. Communications and Contacts. All instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other
communications from the Recipient required or contemplated by this Grant Contract shall be in
writing and shall be made by facsimile transmission, or by first class mail, addressed to the
respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or address as set forth below or to such
other party, facsimile number, or address as may be hereafter specified by written notice.

5
ARCHIVE


Grant contract between the Metropolljan. Sgvermment of Nashville and Davidson County and
Hands on Nashville Contract #_ L* kA March 31, 2014
Metro
For contract-related matters and enquiries regarding invoices contact:
Agriculture Extension
George M. Killgore
1417 Murfreesboro Pike
PO Box 196300
Nashville, TN 37219-6300
Phone: 615-862-5995/ Fax: 615-862-5998
Email: George. killgore@nashville.gov

Recipient:

Brian N. Williams

President and CEO

Hands on Nashville INC

37 Peabody Street, Suite 206

Nashville, TN 37210

D.24. Lobbying. The Recipient certifies, to the best of its knowledge and belief, that:

a. No federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid, by or on behalf of the
Recipient, to any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee
of any agency, a Member of Congress in connection with the awarding of any federal
contract, the making of any federal grant, the making of any federal loan, and entering
into of any cooperative agreement, and the extension, continuation, renewal,
amendment, or modification of any federal contract, grant, loan, or cooperative
agreement.

b. If any funds other than federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid to any
person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any agency, a
Member of Congress, an officer or employee of Congress, or an employee of a Member
of Congress in connection with this grant, loan, or cooperative agreement, the Recipient
shall complete and submit Standard Form-LLL, “Disclosure Form to Report Lobbying,” in
accordance with its instructions.

c. The Recipient shall require that the language of this certification be included in the award
documents for all sub-awards at all tiers (including sub-grants, subcontracts, and
contracts under grants, loans, and cooperative agreements) and that all subcontractors of
federally appropriated funds shall certify and disclose accordingly.

Effective Date. This contract shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed first by the

Recipient and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government and has been

filed in the office of the Metropolitan Clerk. When it has been so signed and filed, this contract shall

be effective as of the date first written above.
THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK
6


Grant contract between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and
Hands on Nashville Contract #_L.- 212 Rg February 5, 2014
RECIPIENT: ~ »
THE METROPOLITAN REIN y\
GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE By:
AND DAVIDSON COUNTY: ; .
Title: President and CEO
Sworn to and subscribed to before me a Notary
Public, thisj3_day ee
Meuoool of Febocusns , 2014 OSE ee,
etropoli SOS orare “8%
APR = 8 2n14 Sf 8
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF e Aton fF
FUNDS: Notary Public 2 PUELIC
Director of Labs, Littirn A tf
My Commission expires Septtaaloee 7, 20/4
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND
LEGALITY
Metropolitan a
APPROVED AS TO RISK AND
INSURANCE:
le (CK
Directe? of Insurance
APPROVED BY THE MAYOR:
L L * .t—_———_.
Karl F, Dean, Mayor,
7


Whites Creek Community Garden Page |1
o%8@
B59,
eget gst
@, e
°6 é — & p
On
NASHVILLE Growing Together Naturally
APPLICANT INFORMATION:
Hands On Nashville, Inc.
37 Peabody Street, Suite 206
Nashville, TN 37210
Office: (615) 298-1108
NAME OF GARDEN:
Whites Creek Community Garden
3867 Whites Creek Pike, Whites Creek TN 37189
GRANT CONTACT:
Leah Holt
Grant Manager
Hands On Nashville
(615) 298-1108 x 419
leah@hon.org
Paid position
WHITES CREEK GARDEN COORDINATORS/CONTACT:
Bonnie Hudgens and Nikkole Turner
Nikkole.urbanorganix@yahoo.com
615-598-7389
Please Note: These are volunteer positions.
Garden Committee Members:
Bonnie Hudgens
Mac Wilson
Mike Younger
Nikkole Turner
Brad Helms
Robin Cross
AMOUNT OF GRANT MONEY APPLYING FOR: $5,000
VALUE OF MATCHING FUNDS: $20,800 [Please see the “Budget” section for match details.]
1) BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF PROJECT: The Whites Creek Community Garden began in the spring of 2013
and was developed on the side of a creek with floods, deer, rabbits, mosquitoes and a thing called
“johnson grass,” and yet our mission to promote our community through agriculture continues. Our
primary goal is to provide locally grown, organic foods for distribution to the elderly, financially
ARCHIVE


Whites Creek Community Garden Page |2
distressed, and food banks, with an emphasis on harnessing the talents of our youth to sustain the
“historic” traditions of our area.

The Whites Creek Community Garden is an eight-acre plot that is owned and maintained by Metro
Nashville and Davidson County Parks and Recreation. Hands On Nashville is the fiscal agent and
supports the efforts of Whites Creek residents and local businesses to provide healthy, local produce
and agricultural education for the communities surrounding the Garden.
2) DEVELOPMENT/IMPLEMENTATION SCHEDULE AND CROPS:
January - Prune trees; clear brush; build paths; develop compost; develop garden spaces.
February - Clear garden plots; remove all sod to be added to the compost pile and till garden plots; build
10, 4’ X 8’ raised beds to be leased for spring season; till and add compost to community garden plots
and add soil to the raised beds; work with Metro Parks to add water and facilities to the Community
Garden.
March - Create fliers and run ads to promote the lease of the spring garden boxes (10 boxes will be
available for lease). Lessees are required to maintain their boxes and contribute two hours per month to
the larger community garden project; plant berry bushes; secure sponsorships of large garden plots with
a portion of produce being gifted to those with limited access to fresh foods. Examples of crops include:

e Blueberry, Black Berry, Raspberry, Blackberry, and Grapes.

e Kale, Collards, Broccoli, Cabbage, Green Beans, Beets, Radishes, and Cauliflower.
April - Spring fundraising event on sight, including donated items for sale and raffle; silent auctions to
raise money and recoup spring spending; bring awareness for summer garden leases, which will be
available in May; harvesting and distribution of produce begins.
May - Summer raised bed garden leases established and community garden plot sponsorships secured;
regular volunteer activities; produce harvesting and distribution continues; composting and soil
amendments are added to gardens to prepare them for summer crop plantings; mowing and
maintenance of the lawn property commences.
June - Plant summer garden beds; maintain mowing and composting efforts; distribute produce to local
charities and supporters; run market with garden-grown produce available in exchange for a suggested
donation. Examples of crops include:

e Cucumber, Squash, Zucchini, and Melons.

e Tomato, Pepper, Okra, Eggplant, Potato, Sweet Potato, and Corn.
July - Summer garden camps with local youth groups begin; maintain mowing and composting efforts;
distribute produce; maintain market and produce pick up sight; youth groups involved in this effort.


Whites Creek Community Garden Page |3
August- Prepare for fall raised bed garden leases and sponsorship plots for fall garden crops; maintain
mowing and composting efforts; distribute produce; maintain market and produce pick up sight;
prepare raised beds and garden plots for fall crops.
September - Plant fall crops in community garden plots; maintain mowing and composting efforts;
coordinate volunteer days and fundraising events. Examples of crops include:
e Kale, Collards, Broccoli, Cabbage, Green Beans, Beets, Radishes, and Cauliflower.
October - Harvest fall crops; host fall fundraising event; maintain composting efforts; coordinate
volunteer days; harvest and distribute produce.
November - Plant fruit and native trees; pull final harvest from Garden and prepare all plots with cover
crop; prepare and distribute a garden gift for all who donated to the Whites Creek Community Garden.
Examples of trees to be planted include:
e Apple, Pear, Peach, and Cherry.
December- Happy Holidays talk with friends and family about the Community Garden; sharing of
accomplishments; providing acknowledgement gifts to contributors.
3) ONGOING MAINTENANCE: March 2013 was the inaugural year of our Community Garden. We
learned many lessons this first year from our efforts. Starting a community garden with no funds was
tricky; however, we found that because of the rural nature of our community, many of the items needed
to start the Garden were donated. We would like to build on the generosity of our community by
continuing to reach out to the businesses that made donations to help establish the Garden in its first
year. These businesses included Bates Nursery, Davidson County Co-Op, Dickson County Co-Op, Tony’s
Foodland, Precision Plumbing, Nashville Electric Service (NES), Urban Organix, and Time and Again
Antiques. Also in its first year of operation, The Joelton Hope Center — a Second Harvest Food Bank of
Middle Tennessee partner — was established. Through this partnership, The Joelton Hope Center
provides food for over 30 at-risk families in our community. Our Community Garden donated over 1,700
pounds of produce back into the community. We would like to continue working with Second Harvest
Food Bank and The Joelton Hope Center for distribution of the Garden’s produce to those in need.
Four funding strategies are being developed in order to implement fiscal stability for the Garden, while
simultaneously promoting community involvement and local support. Proceeds from these strategies
will create a fund for lawn care and to maintain the Garden. The strategies include:
A. Onsite Farmers’ Markets: Regular farmers’ markets on site with produce marketed for
suggested donations. (Those in need would be offered produce at reduced rate or no charge.)
B. Summer Garden Camps: An affordable, week-long garden camp for kids to learn about
gardening and helping out in their community.


Whites Creek Community Garden Page |4

C. Plot Sponsorships: Develop a program for sponsorship of large garden plots. Sponsors would
receive garden markers to prominently display sponsors’ names. A percentage of these plots’
produce would be given to a charity of their choice or to members of the sponsoring
organizations.

D. Garden Box Seasonal Leasing Program: Residents can lease a 4’ x 8’ raised bed to plant and
maintain. Lease agreement would include both a financial fee and a garden volunteer
commitment.

4) DISTRIBUTION PLAN: The White’s Creek Community Garden will host volunteer opportunities for
lessees as well as the general public in the form of “harvest days.” On these days, bushels of produce
will be harvested and sorted. Some produce will be delivered by Garden volunteers and some produce
will be picked up by area residents.
Produce to be delivered would be loaded into a van and delivered to The Joelton Hope Center’s food
pantry or to local churches, schools, and day care centers linked to our Garden through the Summer
Garden Camp Program. Fuel for the van would be paid for with monies raised from the funding
strategies described above.
Produce may also be picked up by local residents or organizations for distribution to those in need.
In return, organizations would be asked to offer a seasonal donation or volunteer hours to the
Community Garden.
5) BUDGET:
REQUEST: Project supplies to build raised beds for community members to rent. These will be
constructed in February. Expenses include:
e Lumber/Screws = $1,375
e Soil = $1,375
e Marketing/flyers = $50
TOTAL: $2,800
COMPLETE BUDGET AND MATCH
As detailed in the attached matching funds and budget spreadsheet, below is a brief month-by-month
statement of the tasks to be achieved and the cost to support that effort:
January - Prune trees; clear brush; build paths; manage compost; develop garden spaces.
e  20hr labor/general maintenance $200; donation of woodchips for paths from NES; donation of
farmer compost.
$200 total in-kind and estimated cost for January
February - Clear garden plots; remove all sod to be added to the compost pile and till garden plots; build
10, 4x8 raised beds to be leased for spring season; till and add compost to community garden plots and
add soil to the raised beds; work with Metro Parks to add water and facilities to the Community Garden.
e  4Ohr. labor garden prep = $1,800
e Needed materials: Lumber/Screws valued at $2,200 and soil valued at $1,300
e Plants and seedling plants: trees and berry bushes $500


Whites Creek Community Garden Page |5

¢ Marketing/flyers $1,500

¢ Project management $800
$8,100 TOTAL in-kind and estimated cost for February
March - Create Flyers and run ads to promote the lease of the spring garden boxes. Cost for the spring
season will be $65. Ten boxes will be available to lease, and two hours per month of volunteer labor will
be required to help put in the community garden’s spring produce plots. Spring produce will be
determined by sponsorship requests and residents’ need.

e 20hr. labor garden prep = $900

e Spring seedlings and seeds = $300

e Estimated cost to install water system and facilities = $5,000

¢ Row covers = $300

e Garden tools and stakes = $150

e Flyer creation and distribution = $300

$6,950 TOTAL in-kind and estimated cost for March
April - Spring fundraising event on sight — including donated items for sale and raffle and silent auctions
— to: 1) raise money and recover spring spending; 2) bring awareness for Summer Garden leases, which
will be available in May. Harvesting and distribution of produce begins.

e  20hr. labor general maintenance = $200

e Flyers for events = $300

e Cost per for event = $1,000

e Distribution of harvest per week $50 x 4 weeks = $200

$1,700 TOTAL in-kind and estimated cost for April
May - Summer raised bed garden leases are established, and community garden plot sponsorships are
secured; regular volunteer activities and produce harvest and distribution efforts begin; composting and
soil amendments are added to gardens to prepare them for summer crop plantings; mowing and
maintenance of the lawn property will need to go into effect at this point.

e 20hr. labor general maintenance = $200

e Distribution of harvest per week at $50 x 4 weeks = $200

e¢ Weekly lawn care at $100 per week = $400

$800 TOTAL in-kind and estimated cost for May
June - Plant summer garden beds; maintain mowing and composting efforts; distribute produce to local
charities and supporters; run market to build as a produce pick up sight.

e 20hr. labor general maintenance = $200

e Distribution of harvest per week at $50 x 4 weeks = $200

e Weekly lawn care $100 x weeks = $400

$800 TOTAL in-kind and estimated cost for June
July - Summer garden camps with local youth groups begin; maintain mowing and composting efforts;
distribute produce; maintain market and produce pick up sight.

e 80hr. labor camp director = $2,000

e Material and project planning for summer camp = $500

e Distribution of harvest per week at $50 x 4 weeks = $200

ARCHIVE


Whites Creek Community Garden Page |6

e Weekly lawn care $100 x 4 weeks = $400

$3,100 TOTAL in-kind and estimated cost for July
August - Prepare for fall raised bed garden leases and sponsorship plots for fall garden crops; maintain
mowing and composting efforts; distribute produce; maintain market and produce pick up sight;
prepare raised beds and garden plots for fall crops.

e 20hr. labor garden prep = $900

e Distribution of harvest per week $50 x 4 weeks = $200

e Weekly lawn care $100 x 4 weeks = $400

$1,500 TOTAL in-kind and estimated cost for August
September - Plant fall crops in community garden plots; maintain mowing and composting efforts;
coordinate volunteer days and fundraising events.

e 20hr. general maintenance = $200

e Distribution of harvest per week at $50 x 4 weeks = $200

e Weekly lawn care $100 x 4 weeks = $400

$800 TOTAL in-kind and estimated cost for September
October - Harvest fall crops have a fall fundraising event; maintain composting efforts; coordinate
volunteer days and harvest and distribute produce.

e 20hr. general maintenance = $200

e Distribution of harvest per week at $50 x 4 weeks = $200

e Event cost = $1,000

$1400 TOTAL in-kind and estimated cost for the month of October
November- Plant fruit and native trees; pull final harvest from garden and prepare all plots with cover
crop; prepare and distribute a garden gift for all who donated to the Whites Creek Community Garden.

e 20hr. garden prep = $900

¢ Distribution of supporter acknowledgement gifts = $50

e Gifts = $500

e Trees = $1,500

$2,950 TOTAL in-kind and estimated cost for the month of November
December- Happy Holidays, talk with friends and family about the community garden here in our area.

ARCHIVE
