BLIGHTED PROPERTY GRANT CONTRACT
BETWEEN THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
AND
Good Wood Nashville, LLC
This Blighted Property Grant Contract issued and entered into pursuant to Metropolitan Code of Laws
Section 2.212.030 et. seq. and BL2013-431 by and between the Metropolitan Government of Nashville
and Davidson County ("Metro") and Good Wood Nashville, LLC (the "Recipient") for the purpose of
stabilizing the value of the neighborhood and increasing the value of the facilities being constructed or
rehabilitated on 1307 Dickerson Pike, Nashville, TN 37207.
A. 
SCOPE OF PROGRAM:
A.I. 
The Recipient shall use the grant funds to reimburse expenditures made improving the exterior
portions of the commercial property located at 1307 Dickerson Pike, Nashville, TN 37207 (the
"Project"). The grant application submitted by the Recipient and any of its amendments is
attached hereto and made a part thereof.
A.2. 
The grant funds shall not exceed fifty percent (50%) or fifty thousand dollars ($50,000), whichever
is less, of the documented investment of Recipient in the Project. The Recipient's investment in
the Project shall exceed one hundred thousand dollars ($10,000).
A.3. 
At the time the grant application is made, the value of the real property on which the Project is
located shall not exceed one million dollars ($1,000,000) according to the records of the Davidson
County Property Tax Assessor.
B. 
GRANT CONTRACT TERM:
B.I. 
Grant Contract Term. The term of this Grant shall commence on June 26,2018 and end on June
30, 2019. Metro shall have no obligation for services rendered by the Recipient which are not
performed within this term.
C. 
PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
C.I. 
Maximum Liability. In no event shall the maximum liability of Metro under this Blighted Property
Grant Contract exceed fifty thousand dollars ($50,000). This amount shall constitute the
maximum Grant Amount available to the Recipient by Metro. The maximum liability of Metro is
not subject to escalation for any reason. Metro's maximum liability is subject to the appropriation
of funds by the Metropolitan Council.
C.2. 
Payment Methodology. The Recipient shall be compensated for actual costs as evidenced by
expenditure receipts, not to exceed the maximum liability established in Section C.I.
All invoices shall be sent to the Director of the Mayor's Office of Economic and Community
Development. Said payment shall not exceed the maximum liability of this Blighted Property
Grant Contract.
Final invoices for the contract period should be received by Metro Payment Services by July 15,
2019. Any invoice not received by the deadline date will not be processed and all remaining
grant funds will expire.
C.3. 
Annual Expenditure Report. The Recipient shall submit a final grant Annual Expenditure Report
within 45 days of the end of the Blighted Property Grant Contract. Said report shall be in form
and substance acceptable to Metro and shall be prepared by a Certified Pubiic Accounting Firm
or the Chief Financial Officer of the Recipient.
ARCHIVE


ARCHIVE


C.4. 
Payment of Invoice. The payment of any invoice by Metro shali not prejudice Metro's right to
object to the invoice or any matter in relation thereto. Such payment by Metro shall neither be
construed as acceptance of any part of the work or service provided nor as an approval of any of
the costs included therein.
C.5. 
Unallowable Costs. The Recipient's invoice shall be subject to reduction for amounts included in
any invoice or payment theretofore made which are determined by Metro, on the basis of audits
or monitoring conducted in accordance with the terms of this Blighted Property Grant Contract, to
constitute unallowable costs.
0.6. 
Clawback. Payments made to Recipient shall be subject to clawback for amounts included in any
invoice or payment theretofore made which, after review of the Annual Expenditure Report, Metro
determines are not consistent with the terms of this grant contract or Metropolitan Code of Laws
Section 2.212.030.
D. 
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
D.1. 
Required Approvals. Metro is not bound by this Blighted Property Grant Contract until it is
approved by the appropriate Metro representatives as indicated on the signature page.
D.2. 
Modification and Amendment. This Blighted Property Grant Contract may be modified only by a
written amendment that has been approved in accordance with ail Metro procedures.
D.3. 
Termination for Cause. Should the Recipient fail to properly perform its obligations under this
Blighted Property Grant Contract or if the Recipient violates any terms of this Blighted Property
Grant Contract, Metro shall have the right to immediately terminate the Blighted Property Grant
Contract and the Recipient shall not be entitled to any grant funds not actually received as of the
termination date. The Recipient shall also retum to Metro any and all funds expended for
purposes contrary to the terms of the Blighted Property Grant Contract. Such termination shall
not relieve the Recipient of any liability to Metro for damages sustained by virtue of any breach by
the Recipient.
D.4. 
Conflicts of Interest. The Recipient warrants that no part of the total Grant Amount shall be paid
directly or indirectly to an employee or offlcial of Metro as wages, compensation, or gifts in
exchange for acting as an officer, agent, employee, subcontractor, or consultant to the Recipient
in connection with any work contemplated or performed relative to this Blighted Properly Grant
Contract.
D.5. 
Nondiscrimination. The Recipient hereby agrees, warrants, and assures that no person shall be
excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination
in the performance of this Grant Contract or in the employment practices of the Recipient on the
grounds of disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other classification
which is in violation of applicable laws. The Recipient shall, upon request, show proof of such
nondiscrimination and shali post in conspicuous places, available to all employees and
applicants, notices of nondiscrimination.
D.6. 
Records. The Recipient shall maintain documentation for all charges to Metro under this Blighted
Property Grant Contract. The books, records, and documents of the Recipient, insofar as they
relate to work performed or money received under this Blighted Property Grant Contract, shall be
maintained for a period of three (3) full years from the date of the final payment or until the
Recipient engages a licensed independent public accountant to perform an audit of its activities.
The books, records, and documents of the Recipient insofar as they relate to work performed or
money received under this Grant Contract shall be subject to audit at any reasonable time and
upon reasonable notice by Metro or its duly appointed representatives. Records and financial
statements shall be maintained and prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles.
ARCHIVE


D.7. 
Monitoring. The Recipient's activities conducted and records maintained pursuant to this Blighted
Property Grant Contract shall be subject to monitoring and evaluation by The Metropolitan Office
of Financial Accountability or Metro's duly appointed representatives. The Recipient shall make
all audit, accounting, or financial records, notes, and other documents pertinent to this grant
available for review by the Metropolitan Office of Financial Accountability, Internal Audit or
Metro's representatives, upon request, during normal working hours.
D.8. 
Strict Performance. Failure by Metro to insist in any one or more cases upon the strict
performance of any of the terms, covenants, conditions, or provisions of this agreement shall not
be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of any such term, covenant, condition, or provision.
No term or condition of this Blighted Property Grant Contract shall be held to be waived, modified,
or deleted except by a written amendment by the appropriate parties as indicated on the
signature page of this Blighted Property Grant Contract.
D.9. 
Insurance. The Recipient agrees to carry adequate public liability and other appropriate forms of
insurance, and to pay all applicable taxes incident to this Blighted Property Grant Contract.
D.10. Metro Liability. Metro shall have no liability except as specifically provided in this Blighted
Property Grant Contract.
D. 11. Independent Contractor. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to create a
partnership or Joint venture between the Recipient and Metro or to create the relationship of
principal and agent between or among the Recipient and Metro. The Recipient shall not hold
itself out in a manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph. Metro shall not become liable for
any representation, act, or omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph.
D. 12. Indemnification and Hold Harmless.
(a) Recipient shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Metro, its officers, agents and
employees from any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attomey fees for injuries or damages
arising, in part or in whole, from the negligent or intentional acts or omissions of Recipient, its
officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub or independent contractors, in connection
with the performance of the contract, and any claims, damages, penalties, costs and attomey
fees arising from any failure of Recipient, its officers, employees and/or agents, including its sub
or independent contractors, to observe applicable laws, including, but not limited to, labor laws
and minimum wage laws.
(b) Metro will not indemnify, defend or hold harmless in any fashion the Recipient from any
claims, regardless of any language in any attachment or other document that the Recipient may
provide.
(c) Recipient shall pay Metro any expenses incurred as a result of Recipient's failure to fulfill any
obligation in a professional and timely manner under this Blighted Property Grant Contract.
(d) Recipient's duties under this section shall survive the termination or expiration of the Blighted
Property Grant Contract.
D.I 3. Force Maieure. The obligations of the parties to this Blighted Property Grant Contract are subject
to prevention by causes beyond the parties' control that could not be avoided by the exercise of
due care including, but not limited to, acts of God, riots, wars, strikes, epidemics or any other
similar cause.
D.14. State, Local and Federal Compliance. The Recipient agrees to comply with all applicable federal,
state and local laws and regulations in the performance of this Blighted Property Grant Contract.
D.I 5. Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction and effect of this Blighted Property Grant
Contract and any and all extensions and/or modifications thereof shall be govemed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee. The venue for legal action
concerning this Blighted Property Grant Contract shall be in the courts of Davidson County,
Tennessee.
ARCHIVE


D.16. Completeness. This Blighted Property Grant Contract is compiete and contains the entire
understanding between the parties relating to the subject matter contained herein, including all
the terms and conditions of the parties' agreement. This Biighted Property Grant Contract
supersedes any and all prior understandings, representations, negotiations, and agreements
between the parties relating hereto, whether written or oral.
D.17. Headings. Section headings are for reference purposes only and shall not be construed as part
of this Blighted Property Grant Contract.
D. 18. Assignment—Consent Required. The provisions of this contract shaii inure to the benefit of and
shail be binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Except for
the rights of money due to Recipient under this contract, neitherthis contract nor any of the rights
and obligations of Recipient hereunder shaii be assigned or transferred in whole or in part without
the prior written consent of Metro. Any such assignment or transfer shail not release Recipient
from its obligations hereunder. Notice of assignment of any rights to money due to Recipient
under this Contract must be sent to the attention of the Metro Department of Finance.
D.I 9. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or
agree to give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to
solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a gratuity or an offer of
employment in connection with any decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation,
preparations of any part of a program requirement or a purchase request, influencing the content
of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any
other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim
or controversy in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or
controversy or other particuiar matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or
subcontract or to any solicitation or proposai therefore. It shall be a breach of ethical standards
for any payment, gratuity or offer of employment to be made by or on behalf of a subcontractor
under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or a person associated
therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. Breach of the provisions of
this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of ethical standards which may
resuit in civil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or suspension from participation in
Metropoiitan Government contracts.
D.20. Communications and Contacts. Aii instructions, notices, consents, demands, or other
communications from the Recipient required or contemplated by this Blighted Property Grant
Contract shall be in writing and shall be made by facsimile transmission, or by first class mail,
addressed to the respective party at the appropriate facsimile number or address as set forth
below ^ 
to such other party, facsimile number, or address as may be hereafter specified by
written notice.
Metro:
Mayor's Office of Economic
and Community Deveiopment
Director
PC Box 196300
Nashviile, TN 37219-6300
(615) 862-6021 phone, (615) 862-6025 fax
Copy to:
Department of Law
Director
PO Box 196300
Nashville, TN 37219-6300
(615) 862-6341 phone, (615) 862-6353 fax
ARCHIVE


Recipient:
Name: David Puncochar
Title: Founder/CEO/Managing Member
Company Name : Good Wood Nashville. LLC
Address : 1307 Dickerson Pike
Address : Nashville, IN 37207
Telephone/Fax: 615-454-3817
Effective Date. This contract shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed first by the
Recipient and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government and has been filed in
the office of the Metropolitap Clerk. When it has been so signed and filed, this contract shall be effective as
of 
AUG - 2
THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY:
J
Direct' 
4 
umi.
mm
or dtwiayor's Office of Economic and
Community Development
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY OF
FUNDS:
Director of Finance
RECIPIENT:
"V- f 
' 
/ 
U
Titled 
Aj
Sworn to and subscribed to before me a Notary
Public, thiS/^/^dav
of 
, 201 Jp"
Notary P<j^ic ^
irnfesioffei
My ComrnfesioffexpireSj
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY
Assis^nt Met'lfbpolitan Attorney
STATE \0;.
Of 
OF 
\-p\
TENNESSEE jm'
NOTARY
Metropolitan Clerk
AUG - 2 2018
ARCHIVE


RECEiVED
JUL 2 0 2018
director OF RWAWCE
ARCHIVE


W-9
Fbim
(Rav. December 2014)
Departnent of the Treasury
Internal Revenue Service
Request for Taxpayer
Identification Number and Certification
Give Form to the
requester. Do not
send to the IRS.
Name (as shown on your income tax return). Name Is required on this line; do not leave this line blank.
Good Wood Nashville, LLC
CM
d>o
c
o
s
0
o B
«I
"c £
a o
£
1
2 Business name/disregarded entity name, if different from abrive
f~l Tnist/estate
3 Check appropriate box for federal tax classification; tiheck only one of the following seven boxes:
0 
individual/sole proprietor or 
□ C Corporation □ S Corporation □Partnership
single-member LLC 
« 
u-
-□ Limited liability company. Enter the tax classification (0=0 corporation, S=S corporatton, P=partne^ip) ^ 
.
Note. For a single-member LLC that is disregarded, do hot check aC: check the appropriate box in the line above for
the tit ctassijicatiOh of the singie-rtiember owner.
□ Other (see instnietions) ►
R
4 Exemptions (cottes ^ply only to
certain entities, not Individuals; see
instnietions oh page 3):
Exempt payee code (if any)
Exemption from FATCA reporting
code any) 
. 
^
(VWOs <>> <caxsis nujnalrMd outsiiA m. uai
5 Address (number, street, and apL or suite no.)
1015 W Klrkland Ave. Suite 406
6 City, stete, and ZIP code
Nashvilje, TN 37216
equester's name and address (optional)
7 List account number(s) here (optional)
Taxpayer Identification Number fTIN)
Enter your TIN in the appropriate txjx. The TIN provided must match the name given on line 1 to avoid
backup withholding. For individuals, this Is generally your social security number (SSN). However, for a
resident ^ien, sole proprietor, or disregarded entity, see the Part I instnietions on page 3. For other
entities, it is your employer identification number (EIN). If you do not have a number, see How to get a
TIN on page 3.
Note. If the account Is iii more than one name, see the instructions for line 1 and the chart bn page 4 for
guidelines on whose number to enter.
Social security; mwiber
or
Employer Irtentification number
6
 _
9
Part II
Certification
Under penalties of.perjury, I certify that:
1. The number shown on this form is my correct taxpayer identification number (or I am waiting for a number to be issued to me); and
2. I am not subject to backup withholding because: (a) I am exempt from backup withholding, or W1 have not beeii
Service (IRS) that 1 am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends, or (c) the IRS has notified me that I am
no longer subject to backupwithholding; and
3. j am a U.S. citizen of other U.S. person (defined below): and
4. The FATCA code(s) entered on this form fif any) indicating that I am exempt from FATCA repoftifig is correct
CeftifirMtibn Iristiuctioris. You must cro^ out iterri 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are cuitently subj^ to teckup withholding
because you have failed to report all ifitere^ and dividends on your tax retum. For real estate transactions, item 2 d^ not apply. For mortgf Se
interest paid, acquisition or abandonment of secured property, cancellation of debt, contributions to an individual retirement
generally, payments other than interest and diwislprids, you are hot required to sign the certification, but you must provide your correct TIN. See the
IristfuGtions on page 3.
Sign
Here
Sfgrtetura of
U.S.peisoti>^
Date^ 3^3 ( /P'O > U
General Instructif _
Section references are to the internal Revenue Code unless otherwise noted.
Future devriopments. Information atxiut developments affecting Form W-9 (such
as legislation enacted after we release it) Is at ivww./rs.gov/fi»9.
Purpose of Fprni
An individual or entity (Form W-9 requester) who Is required to file an information
return with the IRS must obtain your correct taxpayer identifitation number (TlfJ)
which may te your social security riumberfSSKO, Individual taxpayer Identification
number (ITIN), adopticin texpayer identification nuniber;(ATIhO. or emplpyar
Idenfificatiori number (BN), to report on an Information retum the amount paid to
you, or other amount reportable on an Information return. Examples of Iriformation
returns include, biit are riot limited to, the following:
• Form 109MNrf (iriteresteamed or paid)
• Form 109^DIV (dividends, including those from stocks or mutual funds)
• Form Tci99-MiSC (various types o| Incotrie, prizes, awards, or gross proceeds)
• Form 1099-B (stock or mutual fund sales and certain other transactions by
brokers)
• Form 1099^8 (proceeds from real estate transactions)
• Form 1099-K (merchant card and third party network transactions)
• Form 1098 foome mortgage Interest), 1098-E (student loan Interest), 1Ci98-T
(tuition)
• Fortn 1099-C (r^rweled debt)
• Form 1099-A (acquisition or abandonment of secured properfy)
Use Form W-9 only If you are a U.S; person fincluding a resident alien), to
provide your correct TIN.
Ifyou do not return Form W-9 fo the requester with a TIN, you might be object
to backup withholding. See What is backup withholdihg? on page 2.
By signirig ttie fiiied-oirt form, you: 
.
1. Certily that the TIN you are giving Is correct (or you are waiting for a nurnber
tobeissuerQ,
2. Certify that you are not subject to backup withholding, or
3. Claim exemptiori from backup withholding if you are a U.S. eitempt payee. If
applicable you are also certifying that as a U.S. person, your allocable share of
any partnership income from a U.S. bade or business Is not subject to the
withholding tfor on foreign partners' share of effectively corirtected income, and
4 Certify that FATCA code(s) entered on this fomi (if any) indicatirig that you are
exempt from the FATCA reporting, Is correct. See What is FATCA reporting? on
page 2 fbr further information.
CaL No. 10231X
Form W-9 (Rev. 12-2014)
ARCHIVE


METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF
NASHVILLE & DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE
SHORT VENDOR APPLICATtON
MAIL THIS APPLICATION TO; METRO GOVERNME^TT OF NASHVILLE & DAVIDSON COUNTY ^
department OF FINANCE/DIVISION OF ACCOUNTS
700 2nd Avenue South Suite sio
PO Box 190300
NASHVILLE. TENNESSER 37219.6300
FAX TO: (615)880-1727
-
 T" 
1) TRANSACTION TYPE ;
PLEASE CIRCLE TYPE OF TRANSACTION: 
REFUND 
EMPLOYEE 
LEGAL CLAIM f GRANT
NCAC PARTICIPANTS MNPS PARENT -PENSIONER 
EX-EMPLOYEE DEBT SERVICE 
DUES/REGISIWLTlON
NCAC SUPPORT SERVICES 
SOCIAL SERVICES ADOPTION ATTORNEY 
PAYROLUPENSION LIABILITY 
EASEMENT
MNPS DEATH BENEFIT 
PENSIONER 
MNPS STIPEND 
Sub-Latigar Us0 Only .
IF TRANSACTlbN IS NOT LISTED ABOVE, DO NOTUS£-nilS FORM. CONTACT IsuppllermOshvme.gqv FOR VENDOR REGISTRATION.
2) ADDRESS INFORMATION
PLEASE TYPE OR, 
PRINT
^(Address where correspondence etc aira to be ihallet^
NAME
ADDRESS
niTY 
V 1 Li-I^ state"'[M 
zip6ode2lJJ2=^ZL -
PHONE I gig ^ 5^1 Lp- 2^32z2r 
I 
FAX 
.. .
COUNTY.n>AV \DS>Ot>^
Employee Number If applicable
Vendor Number Assigned.f/or/Helro use ohly)_
II ' 
. I 
I 
I • I 
^ 
^ ^ 
- 
3) TAX INFORMATION*
legal NAME ON TAX RETURN forirS-^OOD WOOD--NArSliV I U-Ub , j- U ^
TY^ OF TAXPAYER (Select one code and fill in ID # 
information) 
. ^ 
_ i r . .JL, X 
\
7 Corporation (except Me^lcai/Legai) 
Federal Tax Id # 
■—'Vl 
—L
C-(
r~1 , N, L Partnership or WIedlcal/Legai Coiporatlon Federal Tax Id # ^
"
 ' 'Ip-r Individual 
Social.Security #
■* tax IriformaHoh Is requesled for IRS repbrting Bprposes. The failure to provide such Informalion may result In a ^0 penalty. *
APPLICANTS SIGNATURE:
4) SIGNATURE
DATE;,1L
Cc^laCt Nanw- A 
^
—
ARCHIVE


r
H
!:pB-;Qq?iga3
Tract: 
!'37011300
^odApp,raisii^ya{,^^:^^
26,S2S
800 2hd Ave S
P.O. Box 196300
Nashville, TN 37219-6300
rt>aDs;nashwHe.oov
Comments or Question
37207
rOCKlNG rWE^'lIc "
LOT 2 RESUB LOT 1 OF RESUB H \V
ADDN
Legend
Ownershrp Parcels
irn
Ownership History
Property History
Zoning History
History
ARCHIVE


3/14/2018
Stocking Maker LLC :: OpenCorporates
We're hiring developers! Apply here
The Open Database Of The Corporate World
iCompany name or number
Search
® Companies © Officers
• Loo in/Sign up
Stocking Maker LLC
Company Number
000918722:
Status
Active
Company Type 
^
Limited Liability Company
Jurisdiction
; i Tennessee (US)
Registered Address
^ 2508 BRITTANY OR
, NASHVILLE, TN 37206-1126 USA
• United States
Agent Name
DAVID GREGORY PUNCOCHAR
Agent Address
:
 : 2508 BRITTANY DR, NASHVILLE. DAVjDSON COUNTY, TN, USA,;37206-1126
Directors / Officers
« DAVID GREGORY PUNCOCHAR. 
aoerit
Source Tennessee Secretary of State, Division of Business Services,
https:7/tnbear.tn.gov/ECommerce/FiIin. „. 5 Jan 2018
Add data (website, address, etc)
update from registry
Explore cbmpany network
■/' ■ f)f ' F \ 
'iX"
m'
https://opWncorporates.eom/compahies/us_tn/00b918722
1/3
ARCHIVE


3/14/2018 
Stocking Maker LLC :: OpenCorporates
Company network 
' ' 
"
Nnt yfit flvailahlfi far this company. Click to find out more
Corporate Grouping User Contributed
None known. Add one now?
See all corporate arouDinqs
* While we strive to keep this information correct and up-to-date, it is hot the primary source, and the
company registry (see source, above) should always be referred to for definitive inforhiation
Data on this page last changed January 19 2018
Problem/question about this data? Click here
iOpen Data
Get this info as json. xml. rdf
About US
• About
• Principles i
• Bloc
Team
• Advisory board
• Jobs
Using our data
• Using our data
> What makes our data special
• Working for the public good
• Leoal/Licence
• Contributing
• API Reference
• Glossary
• Status
Contact
• Twitter
• Mediurh
• Problems with our data?
• Temporary redaction
Impact
https;//opencorporates.com/compahies/us_^tn/000918722 
: 2/3
ARCHIVE
