Page 13 of 14 
{N0068140.1} 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed their signatures as of the date first above 
written. 
LICENSOR: 
LICENSEE: 
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF 
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, 
TENNESSEE BY AND THROUGH 
THE BOARD OF FAIR COMMISSIONERS 
_ 
Director 
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY 
OF FUNDS: 
_ 
 Finance Director 
APPROVED AS TO INSURANCE 
REQUIREMENTS: 
Licensee:
BY: 
Title: 
Director of Insurance 
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND 
LEGALITY: 
_ 
Metropolitan Attorney 
Filed with the Metropolitan Clerk: 
Metropolitan Clerk 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 5259FF9B-11B7-4025-8F70-7F0F3D68EE26
Founder, Futbarr
Rachel Masterson
5/8/2023
ARCHIVE


ANY PROPRIETOR/PARTNER/EXECUTIVE
OFFICER/MEMBER EXCLUDED?
INSR
ADDL SUBR
LTR
INSD WVD
PRODUCER
CONTACT
NAME:
FAX
PHONE
(A/C, No):
(A/C, No, Ext):
E-MAIL
ADDRESS:
INSURER A :
INSURED
INSURER B :
INSURER C :
INSURER D :
INSURER E :
INSURER F :
POLICY NUMBER
POLICY EFF
POLICY EXP
TYPE OF INSURANCE
LIMITS
(MM/DD/YYYY)
(MM/DD/YYYY)
AUTOMOBILE LIABILITY
UMBRELLA LIAB
EXCESS LIAB
WORKERS COMPENSATION
AND EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY
DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS / LOCATIONS / VEHICLES  (ACORD 101, Additional Remarks Schedule, may be attached if more space is required)
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
EACH OCCURRENCE
$
DAMAGE TO RENTED
CLAIMS-MADE
OCCUR
$
PREMISES (Ea occurrence)
MED EXP (Any one person)
$
PERSONAL & ADV INJURY
$
GEN'L AGGREGATE LIMIT APPLIES PER:
GENERAL AGGREGATE
$
PRO-
POLICY
LOC
PRODUCTS - COMP/OP AGG
JECT 
OTHER:
$
COMBINED SINGLE LIMIT
$
(Ea accident)
ANY AUTO
BODILY INJURY (Per person)
$
OWNED
SCHEDULED
BODILY INJURY (Per accident)
$
AUTOS ONLY
AUTOS
HIRED
NON-OWNED
PROPERTY DAMAGE
$
AUTOS ONLY
AUTOS ONLY
(Per accident)
$
OCCUR
EACH OCCURRENCE
CLAIMS-MADE
AGGREGATE
$
DED
RETENTION $
PER
OTH-
STATUTE
ER
E.L. EACH ACCIDENT
E.L. DISEASE - EA EMPLOYEE $
If yes, describe under
E.L. DISEASE - POLICY LIMIT
DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS below
INSURER(S) AFFORDING COVERAGE
NAIC #
COMMERCIAL GENERAL LIABILITY
Y / N
N / A
(Mandatory in NH)
SHOULD ANY OF THE ABOVE DESCRIBED POLICIES BE CANCELLED BEFORE
THE    EXPIRATION    DATE    THEREOF,    NOTICE   WILL   BE   DELIVERED   IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE POLICY PROVISIONS.
THIS  IS  TO  CERTIFY  THAT  THE  POLICIES  OF  INSURANCE  LISTED  BELOW HAVE BEEN ISSUED TO THE INSURED NAMED ABOVE FOR THE POLICY PERIOD
INDICATED.    NOTWITHSTANDING  ANY  REQUIREMENT,  TERM  OR  CONDITION  OF  ANY  CONTRACT OR OTHER DOCUMENT WITH RESPECT TO WHICH THIS
CERTIFICATE  MAY  BE  ISSUED  OR  MAY  PERTAIN,  THE  INSURANCE  AFFORDED  BY  THE  POLICIES  DESCRIBED  HEREIN IS SUBJECT TO ALL THE TERMS,
EXCLUSIONS AND CONDITIONS OF SUCH POLICIES. LIMITS SHOWN MAY HAVE BEEN REDUCED BY PAID CLAIMS.
THIS  CERTIFICATE  IS  ISSUED  AS  A  MATTER  OF  INFORMATION  ONLY AND CONFERS NO RIGHTS UPON THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER. THIS
CERTIFICATE  DOES  NOT  AFFIRMATIVELY  OR  NEGATIVELY  AMEND,  EXTEND  OR  ALTER  THE  COVERAGE  AFFORDED  BY THE POLICIES
BELOW.    THIS  CERTIFICATE  OF  INSURANCE  DOES  NOT  CONSTITUTE  A  CONTRACT  BETWEEN  THE ISSUING INSURER(S), AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OR PRODUCER, AND THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER.
IMPORTANT:    If  the  certificate holder is an ADDITIONAL INSURED, the policy(ies) must have ADDITIONAL INSURED provisions or be endorsed.
If  SUBROGATION  IS  WAIVED,  subject  to  the  terms and conditions of the policy, certain policies may require an endorsement.  A statement on
this certificate does not confer rights to the certificate holder in lieu of such endorsement(s).
COVERAGES
CERTIFICATE NUMBER:
REVISION NUMBER:
CERTIFICATE HOLDER
CANCELLATION
© 1988-2015 ACORD CORPORATION.  All rights reserved.
ACORD 25 (2016/03)
CERTIFICATE OF LIABILITY INSURANCE
DATE (MM/DD/YYYY)
$
$
$
$
$
The ACORD name and logo are registered marks of ACORD
2/6/2023
41840
Swim Spa International
6228 Airpark Dr. Suite B
Chattanooga, TN 37421
A
1,000,000
X
Z25H822238
10/21/2022 10/21/2023
5,000
1,000,000
2,000,000
2,000,000
1,000,000
A
AW5H822226
10/21/2022 10/21/2023
February 2023 - Fairgrounds Nashville Event
The Fairgrounds, Metropolitan Government of Nashville and
Davidson County, the Board of Fair Commissioners, its
officers, agents, servants, employees, & Executive Director
401 Wingrove Street
Nashville, TN 37203
SWIMSPA-01
YSUGGS
RSS Insurance
6236 Airpark Drive
Suite B
Chattanooga, TN 37421
Yodi Suggs, CIC
ysuggs@rssins.com
Allmerica Financial Benefit Insurance Company
X
DocuSign Envelope ID: 5259FF9B-11B7-4025-8F70-7F0F3D68EE26
ARCHIVE


DocuSign Envelope ID: 5259FF9B-11B7-4025-8F70-7F0F3D68EE26
ARCHIVE


Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc.,
with its permission
This endorsement modifies insurance provided under the following:
COMMERCIAL GENERAL LIABILITY COVERAGE PART
Miscellaneous Additional Insureds
Included
.
Expected Or Intended Injury Or Damage
Included
Knowledge Of Occurrence
Included
Legal Liability – Damage To Premises Rented To You (Fire, Lightning,
Explosion, Smoke, Or Leakage From Automatic Fire Protective Systems)
$300,000
.
Medical Payments
See Declarations
Mobile Equipment Redefined
Included
Newly Formed Or Acquired Organization, Partnership Or Limited Liability
Company And Extended Period Of Coverage
Included
Who Is An Insured – Amendment
Included
Non-Owned Watercraft (Increased to maximum length of less than 51
feet)
Included
Supplementary Payments – Increased Limits
Bail Bonds
$ 3,000
Loss Of Earnings
$ 1,000
Unintentional Omission Or Unintentional Error In Disclosure
Included
Waiver Of Transfer Of Rights Of Recovery Against Others
Included
Liberalization Clause
Included
Incidental Medical Malpractice
Included
The above is a summary only. Please consult the specific provisions that follow for complete information on the
extensions provided.
The provisions of the Commercial General Liability
Coverage Part apply except as otherwise provided in
this endorsement. This endorsement applies only if
such Coverage Part is included in this policy.
is amended
to include as an insured any person or
organization (referred to as an additional
insured below) described in Paragraphs
through
below when you
and such person or organization have agreed
in writing in a contract or agreement that such
person or organization be added as an
additional insured on your policy, provided
that:
The written contract or written agreement
is:
Currently in effect or becoming
effective during the term of this policy;
and
Fully executed by you and the
additional insured prior to the "bodily
DocuSign Envelope ID: 5259FF9B-11B7-4025-8F70-7F0F3D68EE26
ARCHIVE


Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc.,
with its permission
injury", 
"property 
damage" 
or
"personal and advertising injury".
The insurance afforded by this provision
does not apply to any person or
organization included as an additional
insured by a separate endorsement
issued by us and made a part of this policy
or coverage part.
Only 
the 
following 
persons 
or
organizations are additional insureds
under this provision, with coverage for
such additional insureds limited as
provided herein:
Any person or organization for
whom 
you 
are 
performing
operations when you and such
person 
or organization 
have
agreed in writing in a contract or
agreement that such person or
organization be added as an
additional insured to your policy;
and
Any other person or organization
you are required to add as an
additional 
insured 
under 
the
contract or agreement described
in paragraph
above.
Such person(s) or organization(s)
is an additional insured only with
respect to liability for "bodily
injury", "property damage" or
"personal and advertising injury"
caused, in whole or in part, by:
Your acts or omissions; or
The acts or omissions of
those acting on your behalf;
in the performance of your ongoing
operations for the additional insured.
With respect to the insurance
afforded 
to 
these 
additional
insureds, the following additional
exclusions apply:
This insurance does not apply to:
"Bodily 
injury",
"property
damage" or "personal and
advertising injury" arising out
of the rendering of, or the
failure 
to 
render, 
any
professional 
architectural,
engineering 
or 
surveying
services, including:
The preparing,
approving,
or failing to prepare or
approve,
maps, 
shop
drawings, opinions, reports,
surveys, 
field 
orders,
change orders or drawings
and specifications; or
Supervisory, 
inspection,
architectural or engineering
activities.
This exclusion applies even if the
claims against any insured allege
negligence or other wrongdoing in the
supervision, 
hiring, 
employment,
training or monitoring of others by that
insured, if the "occurrence" which
caused the "bodily injury" or "property
damage", or the offense which
caused the "personal and advertising
injury", involved the rendering of, or
the failure to render, any professional
architectural, 
engineering 
or
surveying services.
"Bodily 
injury" 
or 
"property
damage" occurring after:
All 
work, 
including
materials, 
parts 
or
equipment furnished in
connection 
with 
such
work, 
on 
the 
project
(other 
than 
service,
maintenance or repairs)
to be performed by or on
behalf of the additional
insured(s) at the location
of the covered operations
has been completed; or
That portion of "your
work" out of which the
injury or damage arises
has been put to its
intended use by any
person or organization
other 
than 
another
contractor 
or
subcontractor engaged in
performing operations for
a principal as a part of the
same project.
A manager or lessor of premises but
only with respect to liability arising out
of the ownership, maintenance or use
of that part of the premises leased to
DocuSign Envelope ID: 5259FF9B-11B7-4025-8F70-7F0F3D68EE26
ARCHIVE


Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc.,
with its permission
you and subject to the following
additional exclusions:
This insurance does not apply to:
Any
"occurrence" which takes
place after you cease to be a
tenant in that premises.
Structural 
alterations, 
new
construction 
or 
demolition
operations performed by or on
behalf of such additional insured.
A mortgagee, assignee, or receiver
but only with respect to their liability
as mortgagee, assignee, or receiver
and arising out of the ownership,
maintenance, or use of a covered
premises by you.
This insurance does not apply to
structural 
alterations, 
new
construction or demolition operations
performed by or on behalf of such
additional insured.
An owner or other interest from whom
land has been leased to you but only
with respect to liability arising out of
the ownership, maintenance or use of
that part of the land leased to you and
subject to the following additional
exclusions:
This insurance does not apply to:
Any "occurrence" which takes
place after you cease to lease
that land.
Structural
alterations, 
new
construction 
or 
demolition
operations performed by or on
behalf of such additional insured.
Any person(s) or organization(s) from
whom you lease equipment but only
with respect to liability for "bodily
injury",
"property 
damage" 
or
"personal and advertising injury"
caused, in whole or in part, by your
maintenance, operation or use of
equipment leased to you by such
person(s) or organization(s).
A person’s or organization’s status as
an additional insured under this
endorsement ends when their written
contract or written agreement with
you for such leased equipment ends.
This insurance does not apply to any
"occurrence" which takes place after
the equipment lease expires.
Any state, municipality, governmental
agency 
or 
subdivision 
or 
other
political subdivision subject to the
following additional provisions:
This insurance applies only with
respect to:
The following hazards for
which the state, municipality,
governmental 
agency 
or
subdivision or other political
subdivision has issued a
permit or authorization in
connection with premises you
own, rent or control and to
which this insurance applies:
The
existence,
maintenance, 
repair,
construction, erection
or 
removal 
of
advertising 
signs,
awnings, 
canopies,
cellar entrances, coal
holes, 
driveways,
manholes, marquees,
hoist away openings,
sidewalk vaults, street
banners or decorations
and similar exposures;
or
The
construction,
erection or removal of
elevators; or
The
ownership,
maintenance or use of
any elevators covered
by this insurance.
Operations performed by you
or on your behalf for which
the 
state, 
municipality,
governmental 
agency 
or
subdivision or other political
subdivision has issued a
permit or authorization.
DocuSign Envelope ID: 5259FF9B-11B7-4025-8F70-7F0F3D68EE26
ARCHIVE


Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc.,
with its permission
This insurance does not apply to
"bodily injury", "property damage"
or "personal and advertising
injury" arising out of operations
performed 
for 
the 
state,
municipality, 
governmental
agency or subdivision or other
political subdivision.
Any person(s) or organization(s) with
a controlling interest in the Named
Insured but only with respect to their
liability arising out of:
Their financial control of you; or
Premises they own, maintain or
control while you lease or occupy
these premises.
This insurance does not apply to
structural 
alterations, 
new
construction or demolition operations
performed by or for such person(s) or
organization(s).
A co-owner of a premises co-owned
by you and covered under
this
insurance but only with respect to the
co-owner’s liability as co-owner of
such premises.
Any person(s) or organization(s)
(referred to as vendor), but  only
with respect to "bodily injury" or
"property damage" arising  out of
"your
products"
which 
are
distributed or sold in the regular
course of the vendor’s business.
The 
insurance 
afforded 
the
vendor does not apply to:
"Bodily injury" or "property
damage" 
for 
which 
the
vendor is obligated to pay
damages by reason of the
assumption of liability in a
written
contract or
written
agreement. This exclusion
does not apply to liability for
damages that the vendor
would have in the absence of
the written contract or written
agreement;
Any
express
warranty
unauthorized by you;
Any physical or chemical
change in the product made
intentionally
by 
the
vendor;
Repackaging, except when
unpacked 
solely 
for 
the
purpose 
of 
inspection,
demonstration, testing, or the
substitution of parts under
instructions 
from 
the
manufacturer, 
and 
then
repackaged in the original
container;
Any failure to make such
inspections, 
adjustments,
tests or servicing as the
vendor has agreed to make
or normally undertakes to
make in the usual course of
business, in connection with
the distribution or sale of the
products;
Demonstration,
installation,
servicing 
or 
repair
operations, 
except
such
operations performed at the
vendor’s 
premises 
in
connection with the sale of
the product;
Products 
which, 
after
distribution or sale by you,
have 
been 
labeled 
or
relabeled or used as a
container, part or ingredient
of 
any 
other 
thing 
or
substance by or for the
vendor; or
"Bodily injury" or "property
damage" arising out of the
sole negligence of the vendor
for its own acts or omissions
or those of its employees or
anyone else acting on its
behalf. 
However, 
this
exclusion does not apply to:
The 
exceptions
contained 
in 
Sub-
paragraphs
or
; or
Such
inspections,
adjustments, tests or
servicing 
as 
the
vendor has agreed to
make 
or 
normally
undertakes to make
DocuSign Envelope ID: 5259FF9B-11B7-4025-8F70-7F0F3D68EE26
ARCHIVE


Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc.,
with its permission
in the usual course of
business, 
in
connection with the
distribution or sale of
the products.
This insurance does not
apply to any insured person
or organization, from whom
you have acquired products,
or any ingredient, part or
container,
entering 
into,
accompanying or containing
such products.
With respect to coverage provided by this
Provision
, the following additional provisions
apply:
Any insurance provided to an additional
insured designated under Paragraphs
through
above does
not apply:
To
"bodily 
injury"
or
"property
damage"
included 
within
the
"products-completed 
operations
hazard"; or
To "bodily injury", "property damage"
or "personal and advertising injury"
arising out of the sole negligence of
such additional insured.
The insurance afforded to such additional
insured only applies to the extent
permitted by law.
The insurance afforded to such additional
insured will not be broader than that which
you are required to provide by the written
contract or written agreement.
With respect to the insurance afforded to the
additional insureds within this Provision
, the
following is added to
:
The most we will pay on behalf of the
additional insured is the amount of insurance:
Required by the written contract or written
agreement; or
Available under the applicable Limits Of
Insurance shown in the Declarations;
whichever is less.
This endorsement shall not increase the
applicable Limits Of Insurance shown in the
Declarations.
Exclusion
of
is deleted and
replaced by the following:
"Bodily injury" or "property damage" expected
or intended from the standpoint of the insured.
This exclusion does not apply to "bodily injury"
or "property damage" resulting from the use of
reasonable force to protect persons or
property.
Paragraph
of
is deleted and replaced by the following:
You must see to it that we are notified as soon
as practicable of an "occurrence" or an
offense which may result in a claim only when
the "occurrence" or offense is known to:
You, if you are an individual;
A partner, if you are a partnership;
A manager, if you are a limited liability
company; or
An "executive officer" or the "employee"
designated by you to give such notice, if
you are an organization other than a
partnership or a limited liability company.
To the extent possible, notice should include:
How, when and where the "occurrence" or
offense took place;
The names and addresses of any injured
persons and witnesses; and
The nature and location of any injury or
damage arising out of the "occurrence" or
offense.
If damage to premises rented to you is not
otherwise excluded from this policy or coverage
part, then the following provisions apply:
Under
, the
last paragraph (after the exclusions) is deleted
and replaced by the following:
DocuSign Envelope ID: 5259FF9B-11B7-4025-8F70-7F0F3D68EE26
ARCHIVE


Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc.,
with its permission
Exclusions
through
do not apply to
damage by fire, lightning, explosion, "smoke",
or leakage from automatic fire protective
systems to premises while rented to you or
temporarily 
occupied by 
you 
with the
permission of the owner. A separate limit of
insurance applies to this coverage as
described in
.
The 
paragraph 
immediately 
after 
Sub-
paragraph
of Paragraph
of
is deleted and
replaced by the following:
Paragraphs
,
and
of this exclusion
do not apply to "property damage" (other than
damage by fire, lightning, explosion, "smoke",
or leakage from automatic fire protective
systems) to premises, including the contents
of such premises, rented to you for a period of
seven or fewer consecutive days. A separate
limit of insurance applies to Damage To
Premises Rented To You as described in
Paragraph
of
is deleted and replaced by the
following:
Subject to Paragraph
above, the
greater of:
$300,000; or
The Damage To Premises Rented To
You Limit shown in the Declarations,
is the most we will pay under
for 
damages 
because 
of 
"property
damage" to premises while rented to you,
or in the case of damage by fire, lightning,
explosion, "smoke",
or leakage from
automatic fire protective systems, while
rented to you or temporarily occupied by
you with permission of the owner.
This limit will apply to all damage
proximately caused by the same event,
whether such damage results from fire,
lightning, explosion, "smoke", leakage
from automatic fire protective systems, or
other covered causes of loss or any
combination thereof.
Subparagraph
of Paragraph
of
is
deleted and replaced by the following:
That is fire, lightning, explosion, "smoke"
or leakage from automatic fire protective
systems insurance for premises rented to
you or temporarily occupied by you with
permission of the owner;
Subparagraph
of Definition
"Insured
contract" of
is
deleted and replaced by the following:
A contract for
a lease of premises.
However, that portion of the contract for a
lease of premises that indemnifies any
person or organization for damage by fire,
lightning, explosion, "smoke" or leakage
from automatic fire protective systems to
premises 
while 
rented 
to
you 
or
temporarily 
occupied 
by 
you 
with
permission of the owner is not an "insured
contract".
As used in this Provision
:
"Smoke" does not include smoke from
agricultural smudging, industrial operations or
"hostile fire".
The Medical Expense Limit is changed, subject to
the terms of
, to
the Medical Expense Limit shown in
the
Declarations.
Subparagraph
of Definition
"Mobile
equipment" of
is deleted
and replaced by the following:
Equipment with a gross vehicle weight of
1,000 pounds or more and designed primarily
for:
Snow removal;
Road maintenance, but not construction
or resurfacing; or
Street cleaning;
Paragraph
of
is deleted and replaced by the following:
Any organization you newly acquire or form,
other than a joint venture, and over which you
maintain ownership or:
Majority interest of more than 50% if you
are a corporation;
Majority interest of more than 50% as a
general partner of a newly acquired or
formed partnership; and/or
DocuSign Envelope ID: 5259FF9B-11B7-4025-8F70-7F0F3D68EE26
ARCHIVE


Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc.,
with its permission
Majority interest of more than 50% as an
owner of a newly acquired or formed
limited liability company;
will qualify as a Named Insured if there is no
other similar insurance available to that
organization. 
 
However, 
for 
these
organizations:
Coverage under this provision is afforded
only until the next anniversary date of this
policy’s effective date after you acquire or
form the organization, partnership or
limited liability company, or the end of the
policy period, whichever is earlier;
does not
apply to
"bodily injury"
or
"property
damage"
that 
occurred 
before 
you
acquired or formed the organization,
partnership or limited liability company;
does not
apply to "personal and advertising injury"
arising out of an offense committed before
you acquired or formed the organization,
partnership or limited liability company;
Coverage applies only when operations of
the 
newly 
acquired 
organization,
partnership or limited liability company are
the same or similar to the operations of
insureds
already covered under this
insurance;
Coverage only applies for those limited
liability companies who have established
a date of formation as recorded within the
filed 
state 
articles 
of 
organization,
certificates of formation or certificates of
organization; and
Coverage 
only
applies 
for 
those
partnerships who have established a date
of formation as recorded within a written
partnership agreement or partnership
certificate.
The last paragraph of
is deleted and replaced by the following:
No person or organization is an insured with
respect to the conduct of any:
Current 
partnership 
or 
limited 
liability
company, unless otherwise provided for under
Paragraph
of
;
Current joint venture; or
Past partnership, joint venture or limited
liability company;
that is not shown as a Named Insured in the
Declarations.
Subparagraph
of
of
is
deleted and replaced by the following:
A watercraft you do not own that is:
Less than 51 feet long; and
Not being used to carry persons or
property for a charge.
is changed as follows:
The limit shown in Paragraph
for the cost
of bail bonds is changed from $250 to $3,000;
and
The limit shown in Paragraph
for loss of
earnings because of time off from work is
changed from $250 a day to $1,000 a day.
The following provision is added to Paragraph
of
:
However, the unintentional omission of, or
unintentional error in, any information given or
provided by you shall not prejudice your rights
under this insurance.
This provision does not affect our right to collect
additional premium or to exercise our right of
cancellation or non-renewal.
The following is added to Paragraph
of
:
We waive any right of recovery we may have
against any person or organization because of
payments we make for injury or damage arising
out of your ongoing operations or "your work" and
included in the "products-completed operations
hazard" when you have agreed in a written
contract or written agreement that any right of
recovery
is
waived 
for 
such 
person 
or
organization.   This waiver applies only to the
DocuSign Envelope ID: 5259FF9B-11B7-4025-8F70-7F0F3D68EE26
ARCHIVE


Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc.,
with its permission
person(s) or organization(s) agreed to in the
written contract or written agreement and is
subject to those provisions.
This waiver does not apply unless the written
contract or written agreement has been executed
prior to the "bodily injury" or "property damage".
However, if any person or organization is
separately scheduled on a separate waiver of
transfer of rights of recovery which is attached to
this policy, then this waiver does not apply.
The following is added to
If we adopt a mandatory attachment form change
which broadens coverage under this edition of the
Commercial General Liability CG0001 for no
additional charge, and those changes are
intended to apply to all insureds under this edition
of CG0001, that change will automatically apply to
your insurance as of the date we implement the
change in your state. This liberalization clause
does not apply to changes implemented through
introduction of a subsequent edition of the
Commercial General Liability form CG0001.
Paragraph
of
does not apply to a physician,
nurse practitioner, physician assistant, nurse,
emergency medical technician or paramedic
employed by you if you are not in the business
or 
occupation 
of 
providing 
medical,
paramedical, surgical, dental, x-ray or nursing
services.
This provision is excess over any other valid
and collectible insurance whether such
insurance is primary, excess, contingent or on
any other basis.  Any payments by us will
follow
Paragraph
of
.
DocuSign Envelope ID: 5259FF9B-11B7-4025-8F70-7F0F3D68EE26
ARCHIVE


DocuSign Envelope ID: 5259FF9B-11B7-4025-8F70-7F0F3D68EE26
ARCHIVE


Page 1 of 12 
{N0068140.1} 
Document # 
License Date 
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF 
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE 
ACTING BY AND THROUGH THE AUTHORITY DELEGATED TO 
THE FAIRGROUNDS 
BY THE METROPOLITAN BOARD OF FAIR COMMISSIONS 
 THE FAIRGROUNDS LICENSE AGREEMENT 
By and Between the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners (“Licensor”) and  Futbar, LLC 
(“Licensee”) to Wit: The Licensor agrees to furnish the Licensee the use of the following premises: 
Fairground Sheds 1 and 2
building(s) as is, with its present lighting, and if available, toilet facilities, water, heat, and office space for 
only the purpose of 
Futbar Summer Fest - Saturday July 29, 2023
1.
Definitions.
a.
“Concessionaire” means D&D Events, the contracted concessionaire/caterer of The
Fairgrounds. 
b.
“Licensor” means the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County acting
by and through the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners.
c.
“Licensee” or “Promoter” means the entity or person(s) who possesses the rights covered
herein as granted by the Licensor.
d.
“Executive Director” or “Director” means the Executive Director of The Fairgrounds. The
Executive Director shall have full responsibility for the operation of The Fairgrounds and
shall act for and on behalf of Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County
and the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners in the management of The
Fairgrounds.
DocuSign Envelope ID: 5259FF9B-11B7-4025-8F70-7F0F3D68EE26
A-45608
ARCHIVE


Page 2 of 12 
{N0068140.1} 
e.
“The Fairgrounds” or “Premises” describes the 117 acre property, bordered by Nolensville
Pike, Craighead Street, and Bransford Avenue and Wedgewood Avenue owned by the
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and managed by the Metropolitan
Board of Fair Commissioners. The term “The Fairgrounds” may also be used in reference to
“the Licensor” as identified in section 1. a.
f.
“Fairgrounds Office” or “Fairgrounds Staff” means the Executive Director, Secretary, or
Fairgrounds employee charged with organizing the event on behalf of the Executive Director.
2. Term.
a.
This license agreement becomes effective upon execution by all parties for use 
of the premises beginning 07/28/2023 and ending 07/29/2023
b.
Move-In Date: 07/28/2023  and Time: 10:00AM
c.
Move-Out Date: 07/29/2023 and Time 9:00PM
d. Event start date: 07/29/2023 and Time
11:00AM
e. Event end date: 07/29//2023 and Time 
6:00 PM
f. The dates and times set forth above shall control in the event of any conflict with 
any other move-in and move-out provisions set forth in this Agreement.
3.
Rent and Rates.
a.
Rent: 
The Licensee agrees to pay the Licensor the sumof
equipment and misc. rentals for the use of the premises.
$ 
 
3000.00 
plus taxes,
b.
General Deposits: One-Half (½) of the total amount due is required as a non-refundable
deposit upon signing this license agreement, and both the agreement & deposit must be
tendered within 10 business days after the License Date. A bank cashier’s check for the
remaining balance is due beforeMove-In.
c.
Clean Up- Fee Deposits. There is a refundable $1000.00 clean-up fee and damage deposit for
all events held in The Fairgrounds Speedway and Grandstands, Fair Park and Brown’s Creek
Lot. There is a refundable $500.00 clean-up and damage deposit per building rented. After
inspection, if no clean-up is required and there are no damages to the premises, the deposit
referenced in this subsection shall be returned.
d.
Move-In and Move-Out: The Licensor will allow the Licensee a ½ day Move-In (hereinafter
“Move-In day”) beginning at noon on the day before the first day of the term of this License as
listed in Section 2.a. and 2.b. of this agreement. It is understood by the Licensee that no other
use of the premises other than set-up will be permitted on Move-In days. The Licensee agrees
to pay to the Licensor “additional rent” equal to ½ day rental (hereinafter “Additional
Rent”) if the Licensee moves in before noon on move in day, or if the Licensee sells,
trades, opens to the public, displays, or swaps on Move-In day. Additional rent is also due
for each ½ day that the Licensee occupies the premises over and above the Move-In day, the
term of this License, or each ½ day the Licensee occupies the premises beyond midnight the last
day of the term of this License. (See Section 12 on Vacation and Surrender of Premises). All
rents shall be in the form of a bank cashier’s check.
4.
Building Layout. The Licensee must submit a complete building diagram set up to The Fairgrounds
Office Staff at least 10 business days prior to the event in order to receive Metro Fire Marshal
approval. Failure to comply with this requirement may result in closure of the show or delayed opening
DocuSign Envelope ID: 5259FF9B-11B7-4025-8F70-7F0F3D68EE26
ARCHIVE


Page 3 of 12 
{N0068140.1} 
of the event. The Licensee will assume full responsibility for obtaining Metro Fire Marshal approval on 
diagrams not received in Fairgrounds office 10 business days prior to the event. A penalty will be 
assessed of $50 per day until the approved diagram is received. * There shall be NO ELECTRICAL 
CORDS on the ground where the public walks per Metro Codes Dept. 
5.
Inspection of Facilities. The Fairgrounds will perform a building and grounds walk-through
inspection with the Licensee to review the condition of the facilities, prior to turning the facilities
over for the Licensee’s event. Any pre-existing damage shall be noted and signed by both the
Licensee and the Licensor. If appropriate, photographs may also be taken. A post event walk-
through shall also be conducted by The Fairgrounds. The licensee is free to participate in said walk-
through.
6.
Protection of The Fairgrounds’ Property. The licensee agrees to return to its former condition
that part of the premises used by the Licensee and to remove all equipment such as floors, booths,
platforms, and wiring erected by the Licensee. The Licensee further agrees to pay the cost of any
and all installations made, and is accountable for all tables, chairs, and miscellaneous items rented.
7.
Financial Responsibility for total Repair and Clean-up Costs.
a.
Licensee shall be financially responsible for all clean-up and/or damages to The
Fairgrounds and damage to or loss of any of the property or equipment of The Fairgrounds
that exceed the deposit amount(s) referenced in subsection (3)(c); and/or injury to any
person resulting from the activities or use of The Fairgrounds by the Licensee or
Licensee’s representatives, employees, agents, vendors, contractors, members, suppliers
and attendees.
b.
The Licensee shall be financially responsible for the costs of repairing any damage done to
fairgrounds buildings, roads, grass lots, fencing or other property caused by Licensee or
their representatives, employees, agents, vendors, contractors, members, suppliers and
attendees.
c.
The usage of tape or adhesives results in chipped and damaged paint on the premises and,
therefore, neither tape nor similar adhesive shall be placed on walls or doors. Costs to
repair tape and adhesive damage to walls and doors will be charged to the Licensee. Use of
confetti is prohibited.
d.
If there is damage to turf due to, but not limited to, the movement of large equipment,
garbage dumpsters, stages, crowds, or other vehicles and equipment, site restoration must
include, but is not limited to, leveling, aerification, overseeeding, and fertilization.
Restoration plan must be approved by The Fairgrounds prior to beginning any work.
e.
The Fairgrounds will not accept the assignment of insurance benefits for such repairs. In
the event of damage, the Licensee shall be given photographs of the damaged property and
a bill for the cost of the repairs. Licensee will then have 14 business days from the date that
the repair charges are presented to the Licensee to render their payment in full to the
Licensee. If legal action is required to collect the repair costs from the Licensee, the
Licensee shall also pay for such resulting legal fees and court costs.
f.
The provisions of this Section 7 and Section 33 herein below shall not apply to the
contributory extent of the negligence or wrongful acts of Licensor or its agents, employees
or representatives.
DocuSign Envelope ID: 5259FF9B-11B7-4025-8F70-7F0F3D68EE26
ARCHIVE


Page 4 of 12 
{N0068140.1} 
8.
Insurance.
a.
The licensee agrees to furnish broad form comprehensive general liability insurance in
the amount of $1,000,000.00 and property damage coverage in the amount of
$25,000.00.
b.
Automobile liability is required in the amount of 1,000,000 (if the contractor will be
making deliveries on site or loading/unloading on site).
c.
Licensee shall maintain workers’ compensation insurance with statutory limits required
by the State of Tennessee or other applicable laws and Employer’s Liability Insurance
with limits of no less than 100,000 dollars, as required by the laws of Tennessee (not
required for companies with fewer than 5 employees).
d.
The policy is to be written so as to name as “additional insured” and protect
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, the Board of Fair
Commissioners, it officers, agents, servants, employees, and the Executive Director from
loss or liability and is to be delivered to the office of the Executive Director prior to taking
possession of the premises by the Licensee.
e.
Further, the Licensee shall indemnify, exonerate, insure, and hold harmless the Licensor
from any and all claims for damages, losses, or injuries, resulting from, arising out of, or in
any way connected with, directly or indirectly, the use of the premises, whether said
claims be made by employees, agents, or servants of the parties hereto or by third parties,
except such damages, losses or injuries, as may result solely from negligence by the
Licensor. Licensee further agrees to defend Licensor in any legal proceedings or to pay
Licensor its reasonable attorney fees for defending itself against any such claim.
f.
The policy shall begin coverage at Move-In time and be carried through Move-Out
time.
Security. The Licensee agrees to furnish a Security Plan to The Fairgrounds at least 30 days prior 
to the event and include sufficient security officers and/or police officers to maintain law and order. 
Certain events may be required to have a minimum number of Metro Police Officers to be paid for 
by the Licensee for traffic control. 
9.
Vacation of Premises andSurrender.
a.
All events held outside the buildings on Monday-Thursday & Sunday nights must end no
later than 10 p.m. All events held outside on Friday & Saturday nights must end no later
than 11 p.m. All events held inside the buildings must end no later than 11:00 p.m. CST.
Licensee will be charged a penalty not less than 25% of the rental cost per additional hour
fee/per building or facility if the event end times are not adhered to or the facilities are not
vacated of all persons by the time specified in section 2.
b.
If Licensee fails to surrender the premises to The Fairgrounds at the expiration of the term
for use stated herein, then The Fairgrounds may remove from the premises all effects
remaining therein and store the same wherever it sees fit at Licensee’s cost, expense, and
risk. The Fairgrounds shall not be liable to Licensee for removing and storing such effects.
For such additional periods as any effects of Licensee remain at The Fairgrounds, Licensee
shall pay The Fairgrounds double the rate for the space. In addition, Licensee shall be
liable to The Fairgrounds for any claim or damages suffered by The Fairgrounds resulting
from Licensee’s failure to surrender the premises to The Fairgrounds in as good condition
as Licensee received thesame.
10. Cancellation. No event cancellations will be accepted by The Fairgrounds except as provided in
Sections 12 and 45 of this license. Licensee shall be responsible for 100% of the rent on all
DocuSign Envelope ID: 5259FF9B-11B7-4025-8F70-7F0F3D68EE26
ARCHIVE


Page 5 of 12 
{N0068140.1} 
licensed premises regardless of actual use or occupancy. This license shall not be signed for a term 
in excess of one year from the contract date. 
11. Termination. Should Licensee fail to fulfill in a timely and proper manner its obligations under
this license or if it should violate any terms of this license, the Licensor shall have the right to
immediately terminate the license. Such termination shall not relieve Licensee of any liability to
the Licensor for damages sustained by virtue of any breach by Licensee. Should funding for this
contract be discontinued, the Licensor shall have the right to terminate this license immediately
upon written notice to Licensee. The Licensor may terminate this license at any time upon thirty
(30) days written notice to Licensee.
12. Default by Licensee. Licensee shall be in default of this agreement: 1) if it fails to pay any amounts
due under this License, 2) if it breaches any provision of this License or of any rules and regulations
promulgated by The Fairgrounds, 3) if it violates any applicable federal, state, or local laws during
its use of the premises, or 4) if it should dissolve or cease doing business, become insolvent or
bankrupt. Upon default by Licensee, The Fairgrounds may in its sole discretion:
a.
Terminate the contract immediately, and declare the entire License fee for the balance of
the term due andpayable.
b.
Reenter and relet the property or any part thereof, or operate the same, for the balance of
the Term, receive rents there from and apply them first to expenses of making necessary
repairs to the premises, attorney’s fees, and all other reasonable expenses of Fairgrounds in
reentering the premises and reletting the premises, and second, to the payment of the
license fee hereunder.
c.
Terminate this license by giving Licensee written notice of termination, which shall not
excuse breaches of this License, having already occurred. Upon termination, the relation
of the parties shall be the same as if the term had fully expired and the said Fairgrounds
may reenter the premises and remove all persons there from and resort to any legal
proceedings to obtain possession and Licensee shall, notwithstanding such reentry, pay the
full amount of said rental as herein agreed to be paid together with any other costs,
expenses, or damages incurred by The Fairgrounds as result of breach of this Agreement.
d.
Pursue any other remedies available to the Licensor either at law or equity. Licensor shall
be under no obligation to relet the Premises.
13. Default by The Fairgrounds. The Fairgrounds shall be in default of this License if it fails to
provide the Premises at the time required by this License. In the event of default by The
Fairgrounds the liability of The Fairgrounds shall be limited to the return to the Licensee of the
unearned rent paid to The Fairgrounds under this License.
14. Maintenance of Records. Licensee shall maintain documentation for all charges against the
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County. The books, records, and documents
of Licensee, insofar as they relate to work performed or money received under the license
agreement, shall be maintained for a period of three (3) full years from the date of final payment
and will be subject to audit, at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by the Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County or its duly appointed representatives. The records
shall be maintained in accordance with generally accepted accountingprinciples.
15. Modification of Contract. This contract may be modified only by written amendment executed
by all parties and their signatories hereto.
16. Partnership/Joint Venture. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to create a
partnership or joint venture between the parties or to create the relationship of principal and agent
DocuSign Envelope ID: 5259FF9B-11B7-4025-8F70-7F0F3D68EE26
ARCHIVE


Page 6 of 12 
{N0068140.1} 
between or among any of the parties. None of the parties hereto shall hold itself out in a manner 
contrary to the terms of this paragraph. No party shall become liable for any representation, act or 
omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph. 
17. Like Shows. Significantly Similar Shows: It is the desire of The Fairgrounds to have a
complimentary mix of entertainment events for the mutual benefit of the public and the promoters.
Events that are of a significantly similar nature may affect attendance and/or appeal to the
public. Therefore, The Fairgrounds reserves the right to require a reasonable period of time
between scheduling events that are significantly similar in nature.
18. Concessions. The Fairgrounds reserves for itself, its agents, contractors, or concessionaires the
sole right to the following sales and services: sales and serving of all food, beverages (alcoholic
& non-alcoholic). Sales and serving of all food and beverages (alcoholic and non-alcoholic) must
utilize the, Concessionaire as contracted by the Metropolitan Government. The Fairgrounds will
initiate and facilitate contact between the Licensee and Concessionaire for event planning
purposes. If the Concessionaire is unable or unwilling to provide service based on reasonable
request as determined by The Fairgrounds, an alternative vendor, properly licensed by the TABC
and/or permitted Metro Beer Permit Board may be engaged upon written authorization by The
Fairgrounds to the Licensee.
a.
Licensee   will   need   Beer/Alcoholic   Beverages served   at   the 
event: Yes
No 
b.
By entering into this License Agreement, Licensee hereby represents and warrants that it
will neither furnish beer/alcoholic beverages to the public, guests, and/or invitees nor
allow such to be brought onto the property except as provided in Section18. a. above.
c.
NO BOOTHS or EXHIBITS are allowed to be within 10 ft. of any the concession
stand.
19. Utilities. The Fairgrounds will provide (if available inside buildings) customary lighting, heating,
air conditioning, and water at no additional cost to the Licensee. There shall be a charge for using
electric wall outlets for use inside buildings. Authorized use of outdoor utilities shall be priced in
advanced and noted in an addendum to this agreement.
20. Portable Restrooms. The Licensee is responsible for providing sufficient portable restrooms and
hand washing stations or sanitizing stations to accommodate the size of the event. One portable
restroom for every 100 people is required for all special events that do not provide beverages and
one portable restroom for every 50 people is required for special events providing beverages.
Handwashing or sanitizing stations are required for every 150 people. Portable restrooms must be
provided by event organizer if estimated attendance exceeds the capacity of available restroom
facilities within the footprint of theevent.
21. Parking Fees. The Fairgrounds reserves the right to charge a parking fee for all events held at The
Fairgrounds.. 
22. Licenses and Taxes. Licensee shall obtain at its own expense all licenses and permits required by
law, and Licensee shall pay all taxes, fees, and charges required by any governmental authority in
connection with its use of the premises.
23. Lien. The Licensee hereby grants to The Fairgrounds a first lien on all property of the Licensee,
whether from ticket sales or any other source, to secure the payment of rent, taxes, charges or
damages herein covenanted to be paid by the Licensee, for the purpose of securing the performance
of any and all covenants, conditions, or obligations arising under this License. In the event of
X
DocuSign Envelope ID: 5259FF9B-11B7-4025-8F70-7F0F3D68EE26
ARCHIVE


Page 7 of 12 
{N0068140.1} 
default The Fairgrounds may take possession of any and all of said property including box office 
receipts and hold the same until such default has been remedied, and if not remedied or satisfied 
within ten (10) days of such default The Fairgrounds may advertise said property or properties for 
sale and upon such sale apply the proceeds to the satisfaction of any amounts due The Fairgrounds 
and shall pay to the Licensee any sums remaining. This remedy is not exclusive, and The 
Fairgrounds may at its discretion pursue any appropriate remedy to recover all or any deficits 
remaining on the above mentioned rents, charges, and other sums. 
24. Control. The Fairgrounds reserves the right throughout the Term to control the operation and
management of the premises. The Fairgrounds Executive Director and staff have the right to enter
the premises at any time for any purpose, including removal of any person who, in the sole
judgment, of the Executive Director or designated assistants, is disrupting or obstructing the proper
operation and management ofthe premises.
25. Use of Premises. The Executive Director and staff may use any part of the premises during Move-
In, during Move-Out, and at any time Licensee is not actively using the particular part of the
premises, so long as the Executive Director’s use does not interfere with the Licensee’s use.
26. Hazardous Property. Licensee shall not bring upon the premises any exhibit, equipment or
vehicles which, in the sole reasonable judgment of the Executive Director, would be or might be
dangerous to persons or property or otherwise incompatible with the structure, systems, and
furnishings of thepremises.
27. Copyrights, Royalties, and Trademarks. Licensee warrants that no music, literary or artistic
work or other property protected by copyrighted will be performed, reproduced or used, nor will
the name of any entity protected by trademark be reproduced or used during Licensee’s use of the
premises unless Licensee has obtained written permission from the trademark or copyright holder.
Licensee covenants to comply strictly with all laws respecting copyright, royalties, and trademarks
and warrants that it will not infringe any related statutory, common law, or the right of any person
during its use of the premises. Licensee will indemnify and hold The Fairgrounds and its officers,
agents, and employees harmless from all claims, losses and damages (including court costs and
attorney fees) with respect to such copyright, royalty, or trademark rights.
28. Abandoned Property. Any property remaining on the premises or any property stored by The
Fairgrounds, which has not been claimed by Licensee within ten (10) days after the expiration of
the term, shall be deemed abandoned by Licensee. At the The Fairgrounds’ option, The
Fairgrounds may: 1) take possession of it and treat it as its own property and utilize it, or destroy it
or otherwise dispose of it, or 2) store it at the Licensee’s sole cost, expense, and risk. The Licensee
hereby waives any right to claim the value thereof or damages therefore. The Licensee shall be
liable to The Fairgrounds for: 1) the cost incurred by The Fairgrounds in disposing of or destroying
the abandoned property and, 2) the cost of storing it if The Fairgrounds elects to store it for the
Licensee.
29. Waiver. No waiver by either party of any default shall operate as a waiver of any other default, or
the same default on a future occasion. No delay or omission by either party in exercising any right
or remedy shall operate as a waiver thereof, and no single or partial exercise of a right or remedy
shall prelude any other further exercise thereof, or the exercise of any other right or remedy.
DocuSign Envelope ID: 5259FF9B-11B7-4025-8F70-7F0F3D68EE26
ARCHIVE


Page 8 of 12 
{N0068140.1} 
30. Licensee’s Assumption of Responsibility. Licensee expressly assumes full responsibility for all
persons connected with Licensee’s use of the premises, including all its employees, agents,
members, invitees, andlicensees.
31. Indemnification and Hold Harmless. The Licensee agrees to indemnify, exonerate, insure,
defend, and save harmless the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners and any employee,
agent, or servant of The Fairgrounds or the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson
County of losses, or injuries, resulting from, growing out of, or in any way connected with, directly,
or indirectly, the use of the premises, whether said claims arise out of, including, without
limitations, the acts and/or omissions of its employees, agents, independent contractors, or third
parties. To the extent of the proceeds received by the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners
and the Metropolitan Government under any insurance furnished for the benefit of the Metropolitan
Board of Fair Commissioners by Licensee, the obligation to indemnify and save harmless the
Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners and the Metropolitan Government against the subject
matter of said insurance shall be deemed to be satisfied pro tan to. This Section 33 is subject to
Section 7(e) herein above.
32. Release of Liability. The parties agree that the individual members of the Metropolitan Board of
Fair Commissioners and any employee, agent, or servant of The Fairgrounds or Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County assume no personal responsibility for the making
of this License. The parties further release all individual members of the Metropolitan Board of
Fair Commissioners, and any employee, agent, or servant of The Fairgrounds or Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County, from any personal liability growing out of or
concerning the making of thisLicense.
33. Time of Essence. Time is of the essence of this License. If the deposit and signed license
agreement is not received within 10 business days of the contract date, Licensor reserves the
right to cancel the event and terminate this license and/or license the building(s) for use by another
party.
34. Contingent Fees. Licensee agrees that Licensee has not been retained or retained any persons to
solicit or secure a Metro contract upon an agreement or understanding for a contingent commission,
percentage, or brokerage fee, except for retention of bona fide employees or bona fide established
commercial selling agencies for the purpose of securing business. Breach of the provisions of this
paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of the ethical standards which may
result in civil or criminal sanctions and/or debarment or suspension from being a licensee under
Metro contracts.
35. Employment. Licensee affirms that it does not subscribe to any personnel policy that permits or
allows for the promotion, demotion, dismissal, or laying off of any individual due to race, creed,
color, national origin, age, sex, or handicapping condition. No person shall be excluded from
participation in, be denied benefits of, be discriminated against in the admission or access to, or be
discriminated against in treatment or employment in the Metropolitan Government of Nashville
and Davidson County’s contracted programs or activities, on the grounds of handicap and/or
disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other classification protected by
federal or Tennessee State Constitutional or statutory law; nor shall they be excluded from
participation in, be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected to discrimination in the
performance of contracts with the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County or
in the employment practices of Metro’s Licensees. Accordingly, all Licensees entering into
agreements with Licensor shall, upon request, be required to show proof of such nondiscrimination
DocuSign Envelope ID: 5259FF9B-11B7-4025-8F70-7F0F3D68EE26
ARCHIVE


Page 9 of 12 
{N0068140.1} 
and to post in conspicuous places that are available to all employees and applicants, notices of 
nondiscrimination. 
36. Ethical Standards. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or agree to
give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to solicit,
demand, accept or agree to accept from another person, a gratuity or an offer of employment in
connection with any decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation, preparation of any part of a
program requirement or a purchase request, influencing the content of any specification or
procurement standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any other advisory capacity
in any proceeding or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or controversy or other
particular matter, pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or subcontract or to any
solicitation or proposal therefore. Breach of the provisions of this paragraph is, in addition to a
breach of this contract, a breach of ethical standards which may result in civil or criminal sanction
and/or debarment or suspension from being a contractor under the Metropolitan Government of
Nashville and Davidson Countycontracts.
37. Assignment. Consent Required. The provision of this License shall inure to the benefit of and be
binding upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Neither this license nor any
of the rights and obligations of the Licensee hereunder shall be assigned or transferred in whole or in part
to any person, firm, or corporation without the prior written consent of the Licensor, which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld. Any such assignment or transfer shall not relieve licensee from
obligations hereunder. Any approved assignee shall assume each and every obligation of Licensee
hereunder, and Licensor may contract with or accept monies from any such assignees without waiving
any of its rightshereunder.
38. Compliance with Laws. Licensee agrees that every person connected with Licensee’s occupancy
and use of premises covered by this license agreement shall abide by, conform to, and comply with
all laws of the United States and the State of Tennessee, and all of the ordinances of the
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, together with the rules, regulations,
and policies of Licensor for the government and management of said premises. Licensee agrees to
follow all resolutions and policies of the Board of Fair Commissioners in place at the time of
the event. Licensee will not do, or suffer to be done, anything on said premises during the term of
this License Agreement in violation of any such laws, ordinances, rules, or regulations, and if the
attention of the Licensor is called to such violation on the part of the Licensee or any person
employed or admitted to the premises by said Licensee, said Licensee will immediately
desist from and correct suchviolation.
39. Iran Divestment Act. In accordance with the Iran Divestment Act, Tennessee Code Annotated
§12-12-101 et seq., Licensee certifies that to the best of its knowledge and belief, neither Licensee
nor any of its subcontractors are on the list created pursuant to Tennessee Code Annotated §12-12-
106. Misrepresentation may result in civil and criminal sanctions, including contract termination,
debarment, or suspension from being a Licensee, Contractor, or subcontractor under Metro
contracts.
40. Governing Law. The laws of the State of Tennessee shall control the validity, construction and
effect of this License and also any extension and/or modifications of it.
41. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or
agree to give any employee or former employee to solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept from
another person, a gratuity or an offer of employment in connection with any decision, approval,
disapproval, recommendation, preparation of any part of a program requirement or a purchase
DocuSign Envelope ID: 5259FF9B-11B7-4025-8F70-7F0F3D68EE26
ARCHIVE


Page 10 of 12 
{N0068140.1} 
request, influencing the content of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice, 
investigation, auditing or in any other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request 
for ruling, determination, claim or controversy or other particular matter, concerning any program 
requirement of a contract, or sub-contract or to any solicitation or proposal thereof. It shall be a 
breach of ethical standards to make any payment, gratuity, or offer of employment, by or for a sub- 
contractor under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or any person 
associated therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order. 
42. Force Majeure. If the premises or any part of The Fairgrounds is destroyed or damaged by fire
or any other cause, or if any other casualty or unforeseen occurrence renders the fulfillment of
this License by The Fairgrounds impossible, the Licensee shall be liable for rent which has
accrued only at the time of termination, provided, however, if such impossibility of
performance shall be due to the act or omissions of Licensee, its agents, employees, members,
licensees, or invitees, then the Licensee shall be liable for the entire rent charged hereunder as
well as all accrued charges in addition to such other damages as may result from such acts or
omissions. Licensee hereby waives any claim for damages or compensation from The
Fairgrounds on account of such termination.
43. Severability. Should any court of competent jurisdiction declare any provision of this License
invalid, then, such provision shall be severed and shall not affect the validity of the remaining
provisions of this License.
44. Entire Agreement. This License constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and
superseded all previous understandings. This License may not be modified except by written
consent of the partieshereto.
45. Logos and Trademarks. The Fairgrounds in its sole discretion may require prominent
placement of its logo on any and all promotional materials, whether print or digital, related to
your special event. The unauthorized use of “The Fairgrounds” trademarks and logos is strictly
prohibited.
46. Signage. All signage must be in accordance with The Fairground signage policies as approved
by the Board of Fair Commissioners. Any and all signage inconsistent with the approved
policy is prohibited. All signage must be approved prior to installation and must be removed
within one (1) hour of the close of the event.
47. Shipping. The Fairgrounds will not be responsible for the acceptance and/or storage of any
shipments relating to theevent.
48. Brown’s Creek. Licensor shall conduct no activities resulting in discharge to or harmful
impact to Brown’s Creek. The Metropolitan Stormwater Department is authorized to inspect
property and require the discontinuance of any activities that could result in harmful or
hazardous impact to Brown’s Creek or activities found to be harmful to public health safety
and welfare generally as it relates to Brown’s Creek or stormwater run-off.
49. Residual Matters. Any matters, not expressly covered by this License or by applicable rules
and regulations adopted by The Fairgrounds shall be determined by the Executive Director’s
sole discretion.
50. Noticesand Designation of Agent for Service of Process.
DocuSign Envelope ID: 5259FF9B-11B7-4025-8F70-7F0F3D68EE26
ARCHIVE


Page 11 of 12 
{N0068140.1} 
a.
Notice of to the Licensor concerningthis license shall be delivered to:
The Fairgrounds Nashville Shipping by FED-X ,UPS & DHL:
P.O. Box 40208 
Nashville, TN 37204 
Phone: (615) 862-8994 
624 Smith Ave. 
Nashville, Tn. 
37203 
Fax: (615) 862-8992 
If questions call615-862-8980 
*We will ONLY accept the week of event
b.
Notices to Licensee shall be delivered to:
Licensee:
Futbar, LLC
c.
Licensee hereby designates the following as the Licensee’s agent for service of process
52. Additional Provisions:
“Fairgrounds reserves its right to require verification that the insurance policy reflected on the COI provided at the time of the 
execution of this Agreement remains in force as of a date 10-14 days before the date of this event. Such verification may consist 
of an additional copy of the COI, with a current date (as of 10-14 days before the event), or a written signed statement from the 
insurance broker, assuring that the coverage remains in force as of the current date, 10-14 days before the event, which signed 
statement is itself dated accordingly. If Lessee does not provide such verification within 3 (three) business day of it being 
requested by Fairgrounds, such failure shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement.” 
(This Space Is Intentionally Left Blank) 
Att'n: Rachel Masterson
Address: 2097 Graybar Lane
and will waive any objection to service of process if process is served upon this agent 
Licensee:  Futbar, LLC
Att'n:  Rachel Masterson
Address: 20797 Graybar Lane
Nashville TN  
Nashville TN
DocuSign Envelope ID: 5259FF9B-11B7-4025-8F70-7F0F3D68EE26
ARCHIVE


Page 12 of 12 
{N0068140.1} 
53. EFFECTIVE DATE. This License shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed first
by the Licensee and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government. When it
has been so signed, this license shall be effective as of the date first written above.
DocuSign Envelope ID: 5259FF9B-11B7-4025-8F70-7F0F3D68EE26
ARCHIVE


03/31/2023
SHEL Risk Purchasing Group
306 Main Street
Worcester
MA 01608
Derek Iantosca
derek.iantosca@espspecialty.com
Futbar LLC
A Member of SHEL Risk Purchasing Group
2097 Graybar Lane
Nashville
TN 37215
Houston Casualty Company
42374
CL2333123416
A
Host Liquor
Y
H23SE00132
07/28/2023
07/30/2023
1,000,000
100,000
5,000
1,000,000
2,000,000
1,000,000
Metropolitan Government and The Fairgrounds Nashville it's officials, officers, employeee and volunteers are named as additional insured with respects to
the name insureds operations only.
Coverage applies to Futsal Tournament taking place at The Fairgrounds Nashville: 401 Wingrove Street Nashville, TN 37203 on 7/29/2023.
The Fairgrounds Metropolitan Government of Nashvile and
Davidson County, The Board of
401 Wingrove Street
Nashville
TN 37203
SHOULD ANY OF THE ABOVE DESCRIBED POLICIES BE CANCELLED BEFORE
THE EXPIRATION DATE THEREOF, NOTICE WILL BE DELIVERED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE POLICY PROVISIONS.
INSURER(S) AFFORDING COVERAGE
INSURER F :
INSURER E :
INSURER D :
INSURER C :
INSURER B :
INSURER A :
NAIC #
NAME:
CONTACT
(A/C, No):
FAX
E-MAIL
ADDRESS:
PRODUCER
(A/C, No, Ext):
PHONE
INSURED
REVISION NUMBER:
CERTIFICATE NUMBER:
COVERAGES
IMPORTANT:  If the certificate holder is an ADDITIONAL INSURED, the policy(ies) must have ADDITIONAL INSURED provisions or be endorsed.
If SUBROGATION IS WAIVED, subject to the terms and conditions of the policy, certain policies may require an endorsement.  A statement on
this certificate does not confer rights to the certificate holder in lieu of such endorsement(s).
THIS CERTIFICATE IS ISSUED AS A MATTER OF INFORMATION ONLY AND CONFERS NO RIGHTS UPON THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER. THIS
CERTIFICATE DOES NOT AFFIRMATIVELY OR NEGATIVELY AMEND, EXTEND OR ALTER THE COVERAGE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES
BELOW.  THIS CERTIFICATE OF INSURANCE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A CONTRACT BETWEEN THE ISSUING INSURER(S), AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OR PRODUCER, AND THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER.
OTHER:
(Per accident)
(Ea accident)
$
$
N / A
SUBR
WVD
ADDL
INSD
THIS IS TO CERTIFY THAT THE POLICIES OF INSURANCE LISTED BELOW HAVE BEEN ISSUED TO THE INSURED NAMED ABOVE FOR THE POLICY PERIOD
INDICATED.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANY REQUIREMENT, TERM OR CONDITION OF ANY CONTRACT OR OTHER DOCUMENT WITH RESPECT TO WHICH THIS
CERTIFICATE MAY BE ISSUED OR MAY PERTAIN, THE INSURANCE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES DESCRIBED HEREIN IS SUBJECT TO ALL THE TERMS,
EXCLUSIONS AND CONDITIONS OF SUCH POLICIES. LIMITS SHOWN MAY HAVE BEEN REDUCED BY PAID CLAIMS.
$
$
$
$
PROPERTY DAMAGE
BODILY INJURY (Per accident)
BODILY INJURY (Per person)
COMBINED SINGLE LIMIT
AUTOS ONLY
AUTOS
AUTOS ONLY
NON-OWNED
SCHEDULED
OWNED
ANY AUTO
AUTOMOBILE LIABILITY
Y / N
WORKERS COMPENSATION
AND EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY
OFFICER/MEMBER EXCLUDED?
(Mandatory in NH)
DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS below
If yes, describe under
ANY PROPRIETOR/PARTNER/EXECUTIVE
$
$
$
E.L. DISEASE - POLICY LIMIT
E.L. DISEASE - EA EMPLOYEE
E.L. EACH ACCIDENT
ER
OTH-
STATUTE
PER
LIMITS
(MM/DD/YYYY)
POLICY EXP
(MM/DD/YYYY)
POLICY EFF
POLICY NUMBER
TYPE OF INSURANCE
LTR
INSR
DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS / LOCATIONS / VEHICLES  (ACORD 101, Additional Remarks Schedule, may be attached if more space is required)
EXCESS LIAB
UMBRELLA LIAB
$
EACH OCCURRENCE
$
AGGREGATE
$
OCCUR
CLAIMS-MADE
DED
RETENTION $
$
PRODUCTS - COMP/OP AGG
$
GENERAL AGGREGATE
$
PERSONAL & ADV INJURY
$
MED EXP (Any one person)
$
EACH OCCURRENCE
DAMAGE TO RENTED
$
PREMISES (Ea occurrence)
COMMERCIAL GENERAL LIABILITY
CLAIMS-MADE
OCCUR
GEN'L AGGREGATE LIMIT APPLIES PER:
POLICY
PRO-
JECT
LOC
CERTIFICATE OF LIABILITY INSURANCE
DATE (MM/DD/YYYY)
CANCELLATION
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
ACORD 25 (2016/03)
© 1988-2015 ACORD CORPORATION.  All rights reserved.
CERTIFICATE HOLDER
The ACORD name and logo are registered marks of ACORD
HIRED
AUTOS ONLY
DocuSign Envelope ID: 5259FF9B-11B7-4025-8F70-7F0F3D68EE26
ARCHIVE


Certificate Of Completion
Envelope Id: 5259FF9B11B740258F707F0F3D68EE26
Status: Completed
Subject: Event contract from the Fairgrounds Nashville. Please review
Source Envelope: 
Document Pages: 25
Signatures: 6
Envelope Originator: 
Certificate Pages: 6
Initials: 0
Trina Coble
AutoNav: Enabled
EnvelopeId Stamping: Enabled
Time Zone: (UTC-08:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada)
trina.coble2@nashville.gov
IP Address: 170.190.198.180
Record Tracking
Status: Original
             4/17/2023 3:24:15 PM
Holder: Trina Coble
             trina.coble2@nashville.gov
Location: DocuSign
Security Appliance Status: Connected
Pool: StateLocal
Storage Appliance Status: Connected
Pool: The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea 
Market
Location: DocuSign
Signer Events
Signature
Timestamp
Rachel Masterson
rachel@futbar.co
Founder, Futbarr
Futbar, LLC
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 68.52.204.169
Sent: 4/17/2023 3:31:50 PM
Resent: 4/17/2023 3:34:55 PM
Viewed: 4/17/2023 5:26:34 PM 
Signed: 4/17/2023 5:34:34 PM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 6/17/2021 12:50:09 PM
      ID: 1a32be91-52c4-43af-929e-4d4b29259e22
Laura Womack
Laura.womack@nashville.gov
Executive Director
The Fairgrounds Nashville
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.180
Sent: 4/17/2023 5:34:37 PM
Viewed: 4/18/2023 7:00:22 AM 
Signed: 4/18/2023 7:00:28 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Not Offered via DocuSign
Kelly Flannery
Aaron.Pratt@nashville.gov
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Uploaded Signature Image
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.190
Sent: 4/18/2023 7:00:31 AM
Viewed: 4/18/2023 7:04:37 AM 
Signed: 4/18/2023 10:18:38 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 4/7/2023 8:29:36 AM
      ID: 060b01e3-6a96-461c-87a3-dcc4467f6bc3
Sally Palmer
sally.palmer@nashville.gov
Metro Water Services
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Completed
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.100
Sent: 4/18/2023 10:18:46 AM
Viewed: 4/18/2023 10:34:46 AM 
Signed: 4/18/2023 10:37:14 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 6/23/2021 7:17:08 AM
      ID: e1e43675-1a8d-4ab8-bc3d-d3bb8ecaba6f
ARCHIVE


Signer Events
Signature
Timestamp
Balogun Cobb
Balogun.Cobb@nashville.gov
Insurance Division Manager
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.185
Sent: 4/18/2023 10:37:18 AM
Resent: 4/28/2023 10:04:55 AM
Resent: 5/3/2023 2:55:15 PM
Viewed: 5/4/2023 6:41:49 AM 
Signed: 5/4/2023 6:43:55 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 6/23/2021 7:29:53 AM
      ID: 7284ac91-fcde-47e2-b9b6-0839cc32339c
Erica Haber
Erica.haber@nashville.gov
Attorney
Metro Legal
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.144
Sent: 5/4/2023 6:43:59 AM
Viewed: 5/4/2023 8:10:52 AM 
Signed: 5/4/2023 8:31:00 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 2/22/2023 2:02:21 PM
      ID: 84e1c511-4497-4b5b-b56f-47199265ee89
Austin Kyle
Metroclerk@nashville.gov
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.100
Sent: 5/4/2023 8:31:04 AM
Resent: 5/8/2023 1:40:01 PM
Viewed: 5/8/2023 2:25:23 PM 
Signed: 5/8/2023 2:25:30 PM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 2/27/2023 12:41:45 PM
      ID: b82da70d-6c34-4d7f-bdb5-80561517344b
In Person Signer Events
Signature
Timestamp
Editor Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Agent Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Intermediary Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Certified Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Carbon Copy Events
Status
Timestamp
Trina Coble
trina.coble2@nashville.gov
Event Services Coordinator
Fairgrounds
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Sent: 4/18/2023 10:18:43 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Not Offered via DocuSign
Satrice Allen
satrice.allen@nashville.gov
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Sent: 4/18/2023 10:18:45 AM
Viewed: 4/18/2023 10:36:51 AM 
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Not Offered via DocuSign
ARCHIVE


Carbon Copy Events
Status
Timestamp
Sally Palmer
sally.palmer@nashville.gov
Metro Water Services
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Sent: 5/8/2023 2:25:34 PM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 6/23/2021 7:17:08 AM
      ID: e1e43675-1a8d-4ab8-bc3d-d3bb8ecaba6f
Witness Events
Signature
Timestamp
Notary Events
Signature
Timestamp
Envelope Summary Events
Status
Timestamps
Envelope Sent
Hashed/Encrypted
4/17/2023 3:31:50 PM
Envelope Updated
Security Checked
4/17/2023 3:34:54 PM
Envelope Updated
Security Checked
4/17/2023 3:34:54 PM
Envelope Updated
Security Checked
5/1/2023 8:21:25 AM
Certified Delivered
Security Checked
5/8/2023 2:25:23 PM
Signing Complete
Security Checked
5/8/2023 2:25:30 PM
Completed
Security Checked
5/8/2023 2:25:34 PM
Payment Events
Status
Timestamps
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure
ARCHIVE


ELECTRONIC RECORD AND SIGNATURE DISCLOSURE  
From time to time, The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea Market (we, us or Company) may 
be required by law to provide to you certain written notices or disclosures. Described below are 
the terms and conditions for providing to you such notices and disclosures electronically through 
the DocuSign system. Please read the information below carefully and thoroughly, and if you can 
access this information electronically to your satisfaction and agree to this Electronic Record and 
Signature Disclosure (ERSD), please confirm your agreement by selecting the check-box next to 
‘I agree to use electronic records and signatures’ before clicking ‘CONTINUE’ within the 
DocuSign system. 
 
Getting paper copies  
At any time, you may request from us a paper copy of any record provided or made available 
electronically to you by us. You will have the ability to download and print documents we send 
to you through the DocuSign system during and immediately after the signing session and, if you 
elect to create a DocuSign account, you may access the documents for a limited period of time 
(usually 30 days) after such documents are first sent to you. After such time, if you wish for us to 
send you paper copies of any such documents from our office to you, you will be charged a 
$0.00 per-page fee. You may request delivery of such paper copies from us by following the 
procedure described below. 
 
Withdrawing your consent  
If you decide to receive notices and disclosures from us electronically, you may at any time 
change your mind and tell us that thereafter you want to receive required notices and disclosures 
only in paper format. How you must inform us of your decision to receive future notices and 
disclosure in paper format and withdraw your consent to receive notices and disclosures 
electronically is described below. 
 
Consequences of changing your mind  
If you elect to receive required notices and disclosures only in paper format, it will slow the 
speed at which we can complete certain steps in transactions with you and delivering services to 
you because we will need first to send the required notices or disclosures to you in paper format, 
and then wait until we receive back from you your acknowledgment of your receipt of such 
paper notices or disclosures. Further, you will no longer be able to use the DocuSign system to 
receive required notices and consents electronically from us or to sign electronically documents 
from us. 
 
All notices and disclosures will be sent to you electronically  
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure created on: 5/6/2021 8:57:45 AM
Parties agreed to: Rachel Masterson, Kelly Flannery, Sally Palmer, Balogun Cobb, Erica Haber, Austin Kyle, Sally Palmer
ARCHIVE


Unless you tell us otherwise in accordance with the procedures described herein, we will provide 
electronically to you through the DocuSign system all required notices, disclosures, 
authorizations, acknowledgements, and other documents that are required to be provided or made 
available to you during the course of our relationship with you. To reduce the chance of you 
inadvertently not receiving any notice or disclosure, we prefer to provide all of the required 
notices and disclosures to you by the same method and to the same address that you have given 
us. Thus, you can receive all the disclosures and notices electronically or in paper format through 
the paper mail delivery system. If you do not agree with this process, please let us know as 
described below. Please also see the paragraph immediately above that describes the 
consequences of your electing not to receive delivery of the notices and disclosures 
electronically from us. 
 
How to contact The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea Market:  
You may contact us to let us know of your changes as to how we may contact you electronically, 
to request paper copies of certain information from us, and to withdraw your prior consent to 
receive notices and disclosures electronically as follows: 
To contact us by email send messages to: molly.nightingale@nashville.gov 
 
To advise The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea Market of your new email address  
To let us know of a change in your email address where we should send notices and disclosures 
electronically to you, you must send an email message to us at molly.nightingale@nashville.gov 
and in the body of such request you must state: your previous email address, your new email 
address.  We do not require any other information from you to change your email address.  
If you created a DocuSign account, you may update it with your new email address through your 
account preferences.  
 
To request paper copies from The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea Market  
To request delivery from us of paper copies of the notices and disclosures previously provided 
by us to you electronically, you must send us an email to molly.nightingale@nashville.gov and 
in the body of such request you must state your email address, full name, mailing address, and 
telephone number. We will bill you for any fees at that time, if any. 
 
To withdraw your consent with The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea Market  
To inform us that you no longer wish to receive future notices and disclosures in electronic 
format you may: 
ARCHIVE


i. decline to sign a document from within your signing session, and on the subsequent page, 
select the check-box indicating you wish to withdraw your consent, or you may; 
ii. send us an email to molly.nightingale@nashville.gov and in the body of such request you 
must state your email, full name, mailing address, and telephone number. We do not need any 
other information from you to withdraw consent..  The consequences of your withdrawing 
consent for online documents will be that transactions may take a longer time to process.. 
 
Required hardware and software  
The minimum system requirements for using the DocuSign system may change over time. The 
current system requirements are found here: https://support.docusign.com/guides/signer-guide-
signing-system-requirements.  
 
Acknowledging your access and consent to receive and sign documents electronically  
To confirm to us that you can access this information electronically, which will be similar to 
other electronic notices and disclosures that we will provide to you, please confirm that you have 
read this ERSD, and (i) that you are able to print on paper or electronically save this ERSD for 
your future reference and access; or (ii) that you are able to email this ERSD to an email address 
where you will be able to print on paper or save it for your future reference and access. Further, 
if you consent to receiving notices and disclosures exclusively in electronic format as described 
herein, then select the check-box next to ‘I agree to use electronic records and signatures’ before 
clicking ‘CONTINUE’ within the DocuSign system. 
By selecting the check-box next to ‘I agree to use electronic records and signatures’, you confirm 
that: 
 
You can access and read this Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure; and 
 
You can print on paper this Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure, or save or send 
this Electronic Record and Disclosure to a location where you can print it, for future 
reference and access; and 
 
Until or unless you notify The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea Market as 
described above, you consent to receive exclusively through electronic means all notices, 
disclosures, authorizations, acknowledgements, and other documents that are required to 
be provided or made available to you by The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville Flea 
Market during the course of your relationship with The Fairgrounds Nashville / Nashville 
Flea Market. 
ARCHIVE
