NES Contract No. 18-18-221
INTERLOCAL AGIiEEMENT
This Agreement is entered into on this 
day of_3jjrifi«4kt<2018, by. between,
and among THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON
COUNTY, a metropolitan government organized and existing under the laws and constitution of
the State of Tennessee (hereinafter "Metro"), the ELECTRIC POWER BOARD OF THE
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY
(hereinafter "NES"), and the WILLIAMSON COUNTY JOINT COMMUNICATIONS
NETWORK AUTHORITY, a county entity organized and existing under the laws and
Constitution of the State of Tennessee (hereinafter "WCJCNA.").
WITNESSETH:
WHEREAS, Metro and NES (collectively referred to as the "System Owners") have
constructed a fully integrated, digital/analog 800 MHz radio communications system (hereinafter
the "System"); and
WHEREAS, Metro Radio Communications ("MRC"), a division of Metro's Department
of Information Technology Services, now maintains said System; and
WHEREAS, NES contributes funds to maintain the System; and
WHEREAS, the System Owners have established the Emergency Radio Management
Committee ("MRAM" or "Committee") as the body charged with operational responsibility for
the System; and
WHEREAS, the System is used for public safety puiposes to enhance dispatching
services and improve response; and
WHEREAS, WCJCNA is a public agency, as that term is defined in Tennessee Code
Annotated (T.C.A.), section 12-9-103; and
WHEREAS, WCJCNA has a duty to^ promote and provide public safety and related
governmental services; and
WHEREAS, WCJCNA is constructing a 12 site, multi-channel, 700/800 MHz Radio
System, which it desires to interface directly with the Metro/NES system for system management
and control (hereinafter referred to as "the WCJCNA System"); and
WHEREAS, Metro operates and maintains the System which encompasses an eight site,
multi-channel, 700/800 MHz Radio System, which it desires to interface directly with the
WCJCNA System for system management and control; and
ARCHIVE


WHEREAS, co-access to each other's system would enhance Metro's and WCJCNA's
ability to discharge their duties for public safety and would also benefit Metro's and Williamson
County's efforts to provide public safety; and
WHEREAS, NES has no objection and has agreed to permit WCJCNA's use of the
System for the stated purposes; and
WHEREAS, T.C.A., section 12-9-101, et seq., grants to public agencies in Tennessee the
authority to enter into interlocal agreements to achieve common objectives subject to the
approval of their respective governing bodies by resolution or as otherwise provided by law.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants contained
herein, the parties agree as follows;
1. 
Term of Agreement. This Agreement shall take effect upon approval of the
Council of The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and the Electric
Power Board and upon its being fully executed by the parties and shall extend through June 30,
2028, unless terminated earlier as provided herein. This Agreement may be extended by written
agreement.
2. 
Compensation. There will be no fees for System access, usage, or any other
services provided, by either Metro or WCJCNA, due to the common benefit of the shared system
controllers.
Both Metro and WCJCNA shall individually:
a) 
Be responsible for the procurement of any subscriber units for their own
use.
b) 
Be responsible for the procurement and maintenance of all communication
infrastructure needed to connect the systems and all resources on their respective sides of
the county boundaries for the connection(s) between the WCJCNA System and the
System.
c) 
Be responsible for the procurement of all maintenance and repair services
for their respective systems.
Additionally:
a) 
NES shall provide two fibers from 111 Westwood Place in Maryland
Farms to the Metro Emergency Communications Center and two fibers from 111
Westwood Place to WCJCNA to its preferred substation.
b) 
WCJCNA shall provide four fibers from 5211 Maryland Way (Brentwood
City Hall) into the WCJCNA core network.
{N0210852.1}
ARCHIVE


WHEREAS, co-access to each other's system would enhance Metro's and WCJCNA's
ability to discharge, their duties for public safety and would also benefit Metro's and Williamson
County's efforts to provide pubhc safety; and
' 
WHEREAS, ISIES has no objection and has agreed to permit WCJCNA's use of the
System for the stated purposes; and
WHEREAS, T.C.A., section 12-9-101, et seq.. grants to public agencies in Tennessee the
authority to enter into interlocal a^eements to achieve common objectives subject tp the
approval of their respective governing bodies by resolution or as otherwise provided by law.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants contained
herein, the parties agree as follows:
1. 
Term of Agreement This Agreement shall take effect upon approval of the
Council of The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County and the Electric
Power Board and upon its being fully executed by the parties and shall extend through June 30,
2028, unless terminated earlier as provided herein. This Agreement may be extended by written
agreement
2. 
Compensation. There will be no fees for System access, usage, or any other
services provided, by either Metro or WCJCNA, due to the common benefit of the shared system
controllers.
Both Metro and WCJCNA shall individually:
a) 
Be responsible for the procurement of any subscriber units for their own
use.
b) 
Be responsible for the procurement and maintenance of all communication
infrastructure needed to connect the systems and all resoiurces on their respective sides of
the coimty boundaries for the connection(s) between the WCJCNA System and the
System.
c) 
Be responsible for the procurement of all maintenance and repair services
for their respective systems.
Additionally:
a) 
NES shall provide two fibers from 111 Westwood Place in Maryland
Farms to the Metro Emergency Communications Center and two fibers from 111
Westwood Place to WCJCNA to its preferred substation.
b) 
WCJCNA shall provide four fibers from 5211 Maryland Way (Brentwood
City Hall) into the WCJCNA core network.
{N0210852.1)
ARCHIVE


c) 
NES and WCJCNA shall be individually responsible for the procurement
and mamtenance of the infrastructure needed to connect the systems on their respective
sides detailed above.
3. 
Termination. The parties hereto may terminate this Agreement prior to the date
stated in Section 1 by providing the other parties with one-hundred eighty (180) days written
notice of termination. The parties may agree to terminate this Agreement at any time.
4. 
Conditions. Metro and WCJCNA hereby agree to allow each other secure
connectivity and access to their respective systems as provided in this Agreement and in
accordance with the following conditions:
a) 
For all matters related directly to the System, WCJCNA agrees to and will
ensure strict compliance with all parts of the 800 MHz Radio System Standards,
Protocols, and Procedures Manual, as developed and maintained by MRAM.
b) 
For all matters related directly to the WCJCNA System, Metro agrees to
and will ensure strict compliance with all parts of the Standards, Protocols, and
Procedures, as developed and maintained by the WCJCNA.
c) 
Metro and the WCJCNA agree to maintain control of all subscriber access
to their respective systems.
d) 
WCJCNA is encouraged to send representatives to attend the regularly
scheduled meetings of MRAM and all related sub-committees; however, as set forth in
the Executive Orders of the Mayor of Nashville, WCJCNA will have no voting privileges
on those Committees.]
e) 
Metro is encouraged to send representatives to attend the regularly
scheduled meetings of the WCJCNA and all related sub-committees; however, Metro will
have no voting privileges on those committees.
f) 
Metro and the WCJCNA shall use access to each other's system solely for
the purpose of providing public safety and governmental services. Further, Metro and
WCJCNA shall not use the rights granted under this Agreement in any manner that
disrupts or adversely affects in any way, the operation of either system.
g) 
Metro and the WCJCNA shall immediately notify the other of any
unauthorized or inappropriate use of their respective systems, or of a radio unit that is
allowed to access the system under this Agreement.
h) 
Metro and the WCJCNA shall maintain a complete and concise log of all
persons who have possession and control of a radio unit that is authorized to access either
system and provide the other a copy of this record whenever requested.
ARCHIVE


i) 
Metro and the WCJCNA shall make every reasonable effort to maintain
secure custody and control of any radio unit authorized to access the systems under this
Agreement, and ensure that only authorized persons have access to those radio units.
Either entity may conduct random checks of any of the other's radio units with
authorization to access the system(s).
j) 
Anytime there is the potential to impact the other entities' system, only
vendors that have been vetted and passed the Metro Nashville Police Department's
background check process, and are authorized by MRC and WCJCNA shall be allowed to
perform programming, repairs, modifications, or alterations to the radio system. In the
event of failure to comply with this condition, the offending entity shall be responsible
for all costs related to remedying problems resulting from said noncompliance.
k) 
Metro and the WCJCNA shall permit each other and/or their authorized
agents and representatives to inspect the equipment used to provide direct access to their
respective system(s) at any location where such equipment may be used.
I) 
Metro and the WCJCNA shall permit each other and/or their authorized
agents and representatives, unrestrieted access to their respective tower sites where that
party has equipment that is dedicated to their system unless otherwise limited by lease or
license agreement with a third party property owner or tower owner.
m) 
Both Metro and WCJCNA understand that each entity is responsible to
ensure their individual system is appropriately secured and maintained and that while
total failure is unlikely, due to the complex nature of those systems, equipment failures
while infrequent are indeed possible and could result in loss of radio communications.
Metro and WCJCNA understand that many conditions beyond either parties' control
including weather, manufacturer defects, equipment failures from normal use, and other
unforeseen conditions^ could result in a total loss Of radio communications for ah
extended period of time. In the event of equipment failure affecting both systems, the
parties agree to cooperate in good faith to remedy the situation.
n) 
Both Metro and WCJCNA understand that the system is composed of two
core computer systems, with the Metro owned core serving as the master, and the
WCJCNA core serving as the backup. Both Metro and WCJCNA understand and agree
that the benefits of this configuration is beneficial to both parties and that regular testing
of the failover redundancy is critical to the reliability of the system. Therefore, it is
agreed by both Metro and WCJCNA that the failover capabilities be tested once each
calendar quarter to verify the operation and availability of the same.
o) 
Subject to the availability of funding by each parties' funding body, Metro
and WCJCNA understand and agree that both systems must maintain the same hardware
and software versions by using Motorola's ASTRO 25 System Upgrade Agreement II
(SUA 11) if redundant system control is to be maintained, and that coordinated planning
of system hardware and software upgrades is required to preserve redundant functionality
and reliability.
ARCHIVE


p) 
Understanding the critical service this system provides, both Metro and
WCJCNA agree to secure their respective systems to a mutually agreed upon security
standard which addresses the following areas: 
asset, change, and configuration
management; identity and access management; threat and vulnerability management;
auditing and logging; event and incident response, continuity of operations; and supply
chain and external dependencies management.
q) 
Metro and WCJCNA understand that failure to abide by any material
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement may result in the immediate suspension
or revocation of access to either system.
5. 
Notice. All notices, requests, demands, and other communications under this
Agreement or in connection therewith shall be given to or be made upon the respective parties
hereto as set forth on the page of this Agreement bearing the signature of the duly authorized
officers of WCJCNA and Metro in execution of this Agreement, or to such other address and to
the attention of such other officer or persons as each of the parlies hereto may specify by notice
in writing to the other.
6. 
Assignment—Consent Required. This Agreement may not be assigned by any of
the parties without the prior written consent of the other parties hereto. In the event of such
assignment, no party shall be discharged or released from any of its obligations or duties
contained herein. NOTICE OF ASSIGNMENT BY WCJCNA MUST BE SENT TO THE
ATTENTION OF METRO'S CHIEF ACCOUNTANT, DIVISION OF ACCOUNTS,
DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE, 700 SECOND AVENUE SOUTH, NASHVILLE, TN 37210;
DIRECTOR OF GENERAL SERVICES, 730 SECOND AVENUE SOUTH, SUITE 201, P. 0.
BOX 196300, NASHVILLE, TN 37219; and to the Office of the General Counsel of Nashville
Electric Service, 1214 Church Street, Nashville, TN 37203. NOTICE OF ASSIGNMENT BY
METRO MUST BE SENT TO THE ATFENTION OF THE WCJCNA CHAIRMAN, 304
BEASLEY DRIVE, FRANKLIN, TENNESSEE 37064.
7. 
Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between the
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall govern the respective duties and
obligations of the parties.
8. 
Force Maieure. No party shall have any liability to any other party hereunder by
reason of any delay or failure to perform any obligation or covenant if the delay or failure to
perform is occasioned by force majeure, meaning any act of God, storm, fire, casualty, work
stoppage, strike, lockout, labor dispute, civil disturbance, riot, war, national emergency, act of
Government, act of public enemy, or other cause of similar or dissimilar nature beyond its
control.
9. 
Governing Law. The validity, construction and effect of this Agreement and any
and all extensions and/or modifications thereof shall be governed by the laws of the State of
Tennessee.
ARCHIVE


10. 
Venue. Venue for any litigation arising out of this Agreement shali be in the
Circuit or Cliancery courts of Davidson County.
! 
1. 
Severabilitv. Should any provision of this Agreement be declared to be invalid by
any court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be severed and shall not affect the
validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement.
12. 
Modification of Agreement. This Agreement may be modified only by written
amendment executed by all parties and their signatories hereto.
13. 
Partnership/Joint Venture. Nothing herein .shall in any way be construed or
intended to create a partnership or Joint venture between the parties or to create the relationship
of principal and agent between or among any of the parties. None of the parties hereto shall hold
itself out in a manner contrary to the terms of this paragraph. No party shall become liable for
any representation, act or omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph.
14. 
Waiver. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall affect the right of
any party thereafter to enforce such provision or to exercise any right or remedy available to it in
the event of any other default.
15. 
Liabilitv. Each party shall be responsible for its own actions and the actions of
their employees, contractors, subcontractors, and agents conducted pursuant to this Agreement.
Neither party shall be liable for claims against the other party unless liability is imposed under
the Tennessee Governmental Tort Liability Act or other applicable law.
16. 
Operation of the Svstem. It is the contemplation of the parties that the System
Owners shall be solely responsible for the procurement, design and operation, of the system.
17. 
Specific Performance.' The parties recognize that the rights afforded to each
under this Agreement are unique and, accordingly, each party shall, in addition to such other
remedies as may be available to them in equity, have the right to enforce their respective rights
hereundef by an action for injunctive relief and/or specific performance to the extent permitted
by law against the other party.
18. 
No Third Party Beneficiaries. There are no third party beneficiaries to this
Agreement. No person or entity other than a party to this Agreement shall have any rights
hereunder or any authority to enforce its provisions, and any such rights or enforcement must be
consistent with and subject to the terms of this Agreement.
19. 
Bindina Effect. This Agreement shall not be binding upon the parties until it is
approved by each party's governing body and signed by all parties hereto.
Last Item on Page.
ARCHIVE


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, 
the authorized representatives of the parties have affixed their
signatures below with the intent to make this Agreement effective as of the date first written
above.
THE METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT
OF NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON
iXJNTY:
David Briley, Mayor
RECOMNE <IDED:
brmation Technology Services
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY
OF FUNDS:
Director of Finance
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY:
Mefropohtab-Attemey
ATTEST
ARCHIVE


APPROVED:
WILLIAMSON COUNTY JOINT
COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK AUTHORITY
WCJCNA Board CJ^ms
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY
County AttorlTBjt^
APPROVED FOR ACCESS TO THE SYSTEM
ELECTRIC POWER BOARD OF THE
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY:
Not Required; Delegated to President & CEO by
EPB on 10/22/2014
Chairman
President aQiTCEO
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND LEGALITY:
General Counsel
Secretary
ARCHIVE
