AGREEMENT FOR AIRCRAFT STORAGE/ DISASSEMBLY
NASHVILLE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT

THIS AGREEMENT FOR AIRCRAFT STORAGE DISASSEMBLY is made and entered into by
be ptr he tran don ete ow Lw o PB 2013 (he Commenemen
Date”), by and between METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE AIRPORT AUTHO! (the “Authority”), and
eer (the “Operator’”). Achayisror) AlRcRAFT SERVICES

L GRANT OF USE. Authority hereby grants revocable permission to Operator to use the following
facility space/s (the “Facility Space/s”), in common with other Operator/s facility space/s, located at Nashville
International Airport (the “Airport”) for the storage of the aircraft identified below (the “Aircraft”):

Facility Space: West Side Ramp Area Adjacént to Suite 389

2. TERM; USE. The term of this Agreement (“Term”) shall be on a month-to-month basis
commencing on the date first written above, unless earlier terminated as provided herein. Notwithstanding any other
terms or provisions of this Agreement, either Authority or Operator may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving
the other written notice of such termination not Jess than thirty (30) days prior to the termination date specified in such
notice of termination. Upon termination of this Agreement, Operator shall remove all property and restore the Facility
Space/s covered by this Agreement to the condition it was at the beginning of this Agreement.

Operator hereby agrees that the Facility Space shall be utilized primarily for the storage and disassembly
of the Aircraft and for related materials or objects that do not present a hazard or interfere with storage of aircraft.
Operator shall comply with all Applicable Rules and Regulations “Applicable Rules and Regulations” shalt mean all
present and future laws, ordinances, orders, directives, rules, codes, regulations and decrees of federal, state and
municipal authorities and agencies and their respective agencies, departments, authorities and commissions and all
present and future grant assurances provided by Authority to any govemmental authority in connection with
Authority’s: ownership or operation of the Airport; and all other rules, regulations, policies and procedures of
Authority, as the same may be amended, modified or updated from time to time. Governmental authorities shall
include, without limitation: Authority, The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, the State
of Tennessee, the United States Department of Transportation, the Federal Aviation Administration and the
Transportation Security Administration.

Under no circumstances shall Operator engage in any FAR Part 61, 121, 135, 137 or 141 operations
without the prior written consent of Authority, which Authority may withhold in its sole discretion. Any such
consent of Authority shall be limited to the specific circumstances set forth in such consent and shall not be
construed to mean that such action shall be permitted to continue on an on-going basis. Operator shall have no right
to alter or modify the Facility Space without the prior written consent of Authority, which Authority may withhold in its
sole discretion. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to impose upon Authority any duty or obligation
to enforce any Applicable Rules and Regulations against any other person or entity, and Authority shall not be liable to
Operator for violation of the same by any other person or entity, or the representatives, employees, agents, contractors or
invitees of such person or entity.

Authority shall have the right to enter the Facility Space/s at any time for emergency purposes, or with three (3)
days advance notice to inspect and determine whether Operator is in compliance with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement and to preserve the overall safety and operation of the Airport.

3. FEE; SECURITY DEPOSIT. Commencing on the Commericement Date, Operator shall pay to
Authority during the Term a monthly fee (the “Monthly Fee”) in the amount of $ 1S0 .00 per month / per aircraft in
advance and without notice on the first day of each month of the Term. The Monthly Fee and any other amounts due
from Operator to Authority hereunder shall be paid to Authority via check payment or electronic transfer as prescribed.

Upon execution of this Agreement, Operator shall deposit with Authority an amount (the “Security
Deposit”) equal to the Monthly Fee due hereunder to be held by Authority as security for the performance by


Operator of the terms of this Agreement. The Security Deposit shall remain on deposit with Authority for the term of
the Agreement, and, in addition to any and all other remedies available to it hereunder or otherwise, Authority shall have
the right, at its sole option and at any time, to use the Security Deposit or any part thereof in whole or partial satisfaction
of any amounts due to Authority under the terms of this Agreement. Within thirty (30) days after the termination of this
Agreement, Authority shall retum the Security Deposit to Operator, less any amounts then due fom Qperaiog 1

Authority under this Agreement, Operator hereby waives any right to. any interest which may be earned or accrued on
thie Security Deposit during the Term and oe ee eT igre to abtption to hold such Security Deposit in ~
a segregated account and Authority may commingle such Security Deposit with its other funds.

4, WAIVER OF CERTAIN CLAIMS; INDEMNITY BY OPERATOR. Operator releases
Authority, and each of Authority’s commissioners, officers, representatives, employees, agents, contractors and invitees,
from, and waives all claims for, any and all damages to person or property (including, without limitation, damages
caused by water, wind, lightning, storm, snow; frost, steam, excess heat or cold, sewerage, gas, odors or noise, or the
bursting or leaking of pipes or plumbing fixtures, broken glass, sprinkling or air conditioning devices. or equipment, or
flooding) sustained by Operator or by any other person or eatity, resulting directly or indirectly from fire or other
casualty, cause or any existing or future condition, defect, matter or thing in or about the Airport, or from any equipment
or appurtenance therein, or from any accident in or about the Airport, or from any act or neglect of any other Operators
or operators at the Airport or of any other person or entity, If any damage to the Facility Space/s, whether belonging to
Authority or to other Operators of the Facility Space/s, results from any act or neglect of Operator, or its representatives,
employees, agents, contractors or invitees, Operator shall be liable therefor and Authority, at its option, may repair such
damage and Operator, upon demand by Authority, shall reimburse Authority for all costs of such repairs and damages.
The Aircraft and ali personal property belonging to Operator, or its representatives, employees, agents, contractors or
invitees, that is in the Facility Space shall be there at the risk of Operator or such person or entity only and Authority
shall not be liable for damage thereto or theft or misappropriation thereof.

Operator agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Authority, and each of Authority’s commissioners, officers and
employees, harmless front and against, any and all claims and liabilities, including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys’ fees, from injuries to.all persons and damage to or theft, misappropriation or loss of property occurring in or
about the Airport or the Facility Space arising from (i) Operator's use of the Facility Space, (ji) any activity, work or
thing done, permitted or suffered by Operator in or about the Airport or the Facility Space, (iii) any breach or default on
the part of Operator in the performance of any covenant or Agreement on the part of Operator to be performed pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement, or (iv) any other act or omission of Operator ar its representatives, employees, agents,
contractors or invitees.

3 UTILITIES. In the everit that Operator maintains equipment such as air conditioners, heaters,
compressors, eto: that sustain @ large draw upon utilities, Operator can be held responsible and liable for the cost of all
electricity, heat, gas, water, air conditioning, janitorial and other utilities and services (collectively, the “Utilities")
supplied to the Facility Space, togethier with any taxes thereon and any connection fees. In the event charges for. any
such Utilities are not separately metered to Operator, Operator shall pay its percentage share of the usage of such
Utilities that is fairly allocable to the Facility Space as reasonably determined by Authority from all charges for such
Utilities jointly metered with any other users and Operator's of the Facility Space/s. Authority shall not be tiable
under any circumstances for loss or injury to property or any person or entity occurring through, in connection with,
¥ incidental to the furnishing of Utilities. Authority also shall not be liable for any stoppage or interruption of

tilities.

6. DAMAGE OR DESTRUCTION BY CASUALTY. If the Facility Space/s is/are‘ damaged by fire
or other casualty and if such damage renders all or a substantial portion of the Facility Space/s unusable for the purposes
of this Agreement, this Agreement shall terminate from the time of such determination by Authority or Operator. In the
event that a teniant is displaced due to damage or destruction by casualty the Authority will make every reasonable
attempt to place the tenant in another hangar until the damage is repaired.

7 REMEDIES. In the event of a breach of this Agreement by Operator, Authority may terminate this
Agreement by giving to Operator written notice of Authority’s election to do so, in which event this Agreement shall
terminate, and all right, title and interest of Operator hereunder shall expire on the date stated in such notice. Authority
also may enforce the provisions of this Agreement and may enforce and protect the rights of Authority hereunder by a

we


suit or suits in equity or at law for the specific performance of any covenant or Agreement contained herein, or for the
enforcement of any other appropriate legal or equitable remedy, including, without limitation, recovery of all money due
from Operator under the provisions of this Agreement.

Upon termination of this Agreement, if Operator has not restored the Facility Space/s to the condition it was at
the beginning of this Agreement, Authority may do so and Operator will be liable for such expense. Operator shall pay
all of Authority's costs, charges and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable atfomeys’ fees, incurred in
enforcing Operator’s obligations under this Agreement, incurred by Authority in any action brought by Authority in
which Authority is the prevailing party, or incurred by Authority in any litigation, negotiation or transaction in which
Operator causes Authority, without Authority’s fault, to become involved or concerned.

8 INSURANCE. During thie Term hereof, Operator shall maintain aircraft Uability and property
damage insurance, on an occurrence basis, in an amount of not less than Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000.00) per
occurrence naming Authority and its commissioners, officers and employees as additional insureds. Operator shall
furnish to Authority, prior to the Commencement Date, a certificate of insurance evidencing such insurance coverage,
which certificate shall state that such insurance coverage may not be cancelled without at least thirty (30) days’ prior
written notice to Authority, provided, however, that Authority shall have the right to require Operator to cause to be
delivered a copy (certified by Operator as a true, correct and complete copy) of each insurance policy required hereunder
and Authority shall not be limited to accepting a certificate of insurance. Authority shall have no responsibility or
liability whatsoever for maintaining any insurance coverage relatirig to damage to the Aircraft or any other propetty of
Operator or any of its representatives, employees, agents, contractors or invitees or relating to injuries to any persons.

9 NONWAIVER. No waiver of any condition expressed in this Agreement shall be implied by any
neglect of Authority to enforce any remedy on account of the violation of such condition whether or not such violation is
continued or repeated subsequently, and no express waiver shall affect any condition other than the one specified in such
waiver and that one only for the tire and in the manner specifically stated.

10. BROKERS. Operator arid’ Authority each represents that it has not dealt with any broker in
connection with this Agreement and agrees to indemnify and hold the other party harmless from all damages, liabilities,
claims, losses, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising from any claims or
demands of any broker or brokers or finders for any commission alleged to be due such broker or brokers or finders in
connection with the negotiation of this Agreement ard based on any Agreement or understanding with the indemnifying
party.

At. HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES. For purposes of this Agreement, “Hazardous Material” means any
substance or material that is or becomes regulated, defined or designated, by any federal, state or local governmental
authority, as hazardous, extremely hazardous, imminently hazardous, dangerous or toxic, or as a pollutant, contaminant
cor wast, and shail include, without limitation, oil and petroleum products and by-products and asbestos. For purposes of
this Agreement, “Environmental Laws” means any federal, state or local law, regulation, ordinance, code or rule relating
to the emission, discharge, release or threatened release of a Hazardous Material, or relating to the manufacture,
generation, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, transport or disposal of any Hazardous Material. During the
Term, Operator shall not, and shall not authorize any other person or entity to, (a) generate, manufacture, process, treat;
transport, or abandon any. Hazardous Material at, on, in or under the Facility Space/s; or (b) cause or allow a release or
spill of any Hazardous Material-at, on, in or under the Facility Space/s. Operator agrees to comply, at its sole cost and:
expense, with all applicable Environmental Laws during the Term. Operator shall indemnify, defend and hold
Authority, and its commissioners, employees, officers, successors, assigns, representatives, agents, contractors and
invitees, harmless from and against any and all damages, losses, liabilities, obligations, penalties, claims, proceedings,
costs and expenses arising from, or attributable to, any breach by Operator of its obligations under this Section LI.
Operator’s obligations under this Section 11 shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

12, TITLE AND COVENANT AGAINST LIENS. Authority’s interest in the Facility Space is
paramount and always shall be paramount to the rights or interest of Operator and nothing contained in this Agreement
shall empower Operator to do any act which can, shall-or may encumber the interest of Authority in the Facility Space/s,

3 ro


Operator covenants and agrees not to suffer or permit any lien (including, without limitation, those of mechanics or
materialmen) to be placed upon or against the Facility Space/s or against Operator’s interest hereunder and, in the case of
any such lien attaching, to discharge such lien within ten (10) days after Operator’s receipt of written notice of the filing
of such lien, at Operator’s sole cost and expense, either by the payment thereof or by bonding over such lien. Operator
has no authority or power to cause or permit any lien or encumbrance of any kind whatsoever, whether created by act of
Opetator, opetation of law or otherwise, to attach to or be placed upon the Facility Space. If any such lien so attaches
and Operator fails to pay and remove the same within ten (10) days, Authority, at its election, may pay and satisfy such
lien and in such event the sums so paid by Authotity, with interest from the date of Authority’s payment thereof at the
highest lawful rate of interest permitted to be charged by applicable law, shall be deemed to be an additional amount due
and payable by Operator at once without notice or demand.

13. MISCELLANEOUS, Operator shall not sub-license or assign or transfer in any way its rights
hereunder. No modification, waiver or amendment of this Agreement or of any of its conditions or provisions shall be
binding upon Authority or Operator unless in writing signed by Authority and Operator. The invalidity of any provision
of this Agreement shall not impair or affect in any manner the validity, enforceability or effect of the remainder of this
Agreement.

All understandings, permits and agreements, oral or written, previously made between the parties hereto
relating to the subject matter hereof are merged into this Agreement, which alone fully and completely expresses the
Agreement between Authority and Operator. When required by context, the singular shall include the plural and the
neuter gender shall include a person, corporation, firm, association or other entity.

This Agreement does not represent or constitute an estate in land or an interest in real property.. The terms and
provisions of this Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee.
Each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable
law but if any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be void or invalid, the same shall not affect the remainder
hereof, which shall be effective as though the void or invalid provision had not been contained herein.

14. NOTICES. All notices, approvals, consents, demands and other communications required by this
Agreement must be in writing to be effective and personally delivered or sent by certified United States Mail,
postage prepaid, or by a recognized delivery service that provides registered and verifiable shipment or airbill
tracking and delivery record, with costs prepaid, to the addresses set forth below:

To Authority: Director of Properties
Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority
Nashville Intemational Airport :
One Terminal Drive, Suite 501
Nashville, TN 37214
(Fax: 615-275-1654)
Operator: A€Rovisiod AritcParr SVs Registered Agent:
G20. € Euris Romd (If Applicable) —————— :
Mogkibonss mi WIIY
arts TEPER aeba ft
Phone: 231-299-9000 other / E:
The person and place to which notices are to be sent may be changed by a party hereto upon written notice to the
other.
¥


AUTHORITY: METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE AIRPORT AUTHORITY
WITNESS: AP’ ™ :

L\ 04 | mo putas

Joyce Holloway R R. Wigington

iff Secreta 0 President & CEO ;
APPROVED AS TO FORM RECOMMENDED:

& LEGALITY:

Margaret Lis 7 v, t J loward, Jr

Senior Legal Officer istant Vice President & Business

lopment
OPERATOR: Aere-Visien-International & BERovi sian AIRCRAFT SERVICES |
WITNESS: APPROVED:
printed.name: [5 pritited name: _ eFre Baron
signature: signature: rat —
title: GanburMloaff ttle: YrcePRARDATY Ar hotOET sves.
5
