Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
A-50320
X
APPROVED
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
The Commissary Kitchen Handbook 
 
Updated February 4, 2026 
 
Overview: The Commissary Kitchen at Nashville Farmers’ Market is a brand new, rentable shared kitchen space 
built to help support farmers, bakers, food artisans and more in crafting value added products that, in turn, 
strengthen the local supply chain and provide diversified revenue streams for those small, local businesses. 
Overlooking the outdoor farm sheds on the south side of the indoor market house building, our commissary 
kitchen offers a space to make the products you can then sell at the Nashville Farmers’ Market and to the public 
in general. With state- of-the-art commercial equipment and ample prep space, The Commissary can help turn 
your food business dreams into reality. 
 
About the Nashville Farmers' Market: The market operates daily as a retail hub and small business incubation 
center for farmers, artisans, and small businesses that desire to serve the region. The market is located on a 12- 
acre property in the urban core of Nashville, within walking distance of many local neighborhoods, including 
Germantown, Salemtown, the Gulch and the downtown district. The public facility includes two outdoor sheds, a 
garden center, and a food hall with roughly 25 diverse dining options and retail stores. 
 
Mission statement: Curating an inclusive destination marketplace that fosters a connection between our 
community and the farmers, foods, and artisans who contribute to our food system. 
 
Table of contents 
 
Application, approval and rates - page 2 
Staff, services and equipment - page 3 
Before your first shift - page 4 
During your shift - page 6 
After your shift - page 8 
Closing checklist - page 10 
Appendix - page 11
Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


 
2 
 
Application, approval and rates 
 
 
How to apply: To join our community of commissary members, complete the following steps: 
 
1. Read this handbook in full before applying. 
2. Go to the Commissary application online at nashvillefarmersmarket.org/commissary-kitchen- 
apply, fill out all fields and submit. 
3. Create a “food business” account or login to your existing account on TheFoodCorridor.com. For more 
information on how The Food Corridor works, please watch this brief user tutorial. 
4. Fill in your business info and select “The Kitchens at Nashville Farmers’ Market” as your kitchen. 
5. Submit current copies of required documents via the Food Corridor: 
a. Business license (Davidson County Clerk’s Office, $30) 
b. Sales & Use Tax Certificate (TN Dept. of Revenue, free) 
c. Certificates of Liability Insurance: minimum $1 million coverage with the following added as 
an additionally insured certificate holder: 
 
Certificate 1: Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson  
 
County Metro Courthouse, Suite 108; Nashville, TN 37201 
 
Certificate 2: State of Tennessee 
William R. Snodgrass Tennessee Tower 
312 Rosa L. Parks Blvd 
Nashville, Tennessee  37243 
6. ServSafe Certificate or Metro Nashville Health Dept. Food Safety Training Certificate 
a. Business clients must be present for booked shifts or communicate a designee who has a 
ServeSafe certification on file in The Food Corridor to manage booked operations for the client. 
7. 
Select payment method via The Food Corridor (credit / debit or ACH). 
8. 
Schedule an onboarding meeting with the kitchens program manager and pay your onboarding fee. 
 
 
Approval: The purpose of The Commissary is to help developing food businesses prepare, produce and 
manufacture their products by offering a fully-equipped commissary kitchen filled with the tools they need to make 
their goods to scale with low-cost overhead fees. In order to showcase the work happening in The Commissary, 
Nashville Farmers’ Market management will prioritize applications of businesses that currently sell or plan to sell 
using one of Nashville Farmers’ Market’s many retail options. Commissary members have the benefit of a 
streamlined application process to vend at the outdoor market. Applicants may be asked to provide additional 
information, documentation or samples before approval. Approval is done at the sole discretion of Nashville 
Farmers’ Market’s management, taking in consideration factors including: anticipated schedule, product line 
(including use of allergens), equipment needed, shift readiness, and history of policy adherence/account status. 
 
 
     Rates: 
Hourly rental rate for 1 station (2-hour min.) 
$30 / hour 
Monthly option A 
$475 / month (25 hours prepaid at $19 / hour) 
Monthly option B 
$850 / month (50 hours prepaid at $17 / hour) 
Monthly option C 
$1200 / month (75 hours prepaid at $16 / hour) 
Monthly option D 
$1500 / month (100 hours prepaid at $15 / hour) 
Monthly option E 
$200 / month (10 hours prepaid at $20 / hour) 
Full kitchen and one-time event rentals 
$200 / hour 
Mobile food unit servicing fee 
$150 / month 
Mobile food unit fee 
$200 / month 
Mobile food unit dishwashing 
$50 / month 
Mobile food unit trash/compost/oil disposal/fresh water 
$50 / month 
Onboarding fee (one time) 
$50 
Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


 
3 
 
Dry storage rental (per month) 
$25 / 60” shelf 
Cooler storage (per month) 
$25 / 30” shelf; $100 / speed rack; $200 / solo unit 
Freezer storage (per month) 
$25 / 30” shelf; $100 / speed rack / $400 / sole unit 
Equipment / property damage fee 
$100 / occurrence (minimum) 
Insufficient cleaning fee (see cleaning checklist) 
$100 / occurrence (per station) 
Policy violation fee 
$50 / occurrence 
Specialty equipment reservation fee 
Prices vary depending on equipment ($5 -10 / hr) 
 
Staff, services and equipment 
Nashville Farmers’ Market management: Market management is responsible for administering and enforcing all 
Market rules, policies and procedures, as well as ensuring public safety, scheduling Commissary use, approving 
Commissary members, hosting demonstrations/workshops and managing market events and festivals. Market 
management is instructed to handle and resolve any issues that may arise, and all market staff members have 
authority to resolve issues in a civil and efficient manner. 
 
● 
Darrell Lane, Executive Director: darrell.lane@nashville.gov or 615-390-5031 
● 
Charles Kizer, Building Maintenance Superintendent: charles.kizer@nashville.gov 
● 
David Griffin, Finance & Administration Manager: david.griffin@nashville.gov 
● 
Courtney Cotton, Marketing Manager: courtney.cotton@nashville.gov 
● 
Yolanda Manning, Kitchens Program Manager: yolanda.manning@nashville.gov 
● 
Katie Cummings, Farm Sheds Coordinator: katie.cummings@nashville.gov 
 
Security: Security personnel are on-site for the overall safety and security of the market. While The Commissary 
will be open 24/7, only authorized persons will be permitted to enter after regular business hours, which are daily 
between the hours of 8 p.m. and 8 a.m. Call 911 if there is a medical emergency. If you need to report a safety or 
security concern, please contact a member of the security team immediately at either (629) 295-1606 or (629) 
395-8058. 
 
Although the market has on-site security 24/7, securing individual property, including merchandise, is the sole 
responsibility of each commissary member. If you believe something has been stolen from you during your shift, it 
is up to you to file a police report if you believe the theft warrants it. 
 
Janitorial services: Janitorial services are contracted to provide cleaning and sanitation of common areas, 
restrooms, waste receptacles and grounds. If there is a janitorial issue in common areas, please contact market 
management or security personnel to report the issue immediately. However, cleaning of Commissary stations, 
equipment and small wares is the sole responsibility of The Commissary member who uses them. Please see 
pages 8 - 10 for a full explanation of cleaning and closing expectations. 
 
Marketing: Your business may be featured in Nashville Farmers’ Market promotions. Commissary members 
agree to allow photo and video recording of their businesses operating in The Commissary for promotional 
purposes. To increase the likelihood of being included in the market’s promotions, Commissary members may tag 
Nashville Farmers’ Market on any Instagram or Facebook so that we may reshare your promotions with our 
expansive follower base. 
 
Food service equipment: The Commissary is equipped with many pieces of specialized appliances and 
equipment that aid in large-scale food preparation and production. All equipment in the commissary is electric. For 
a full list of equipment and corresponding rental rates, visit the Commissary equipment list. Only Nashville 
Farmers’ Market equipment may be stored within the commissary kitchen unless given written permission by 
market management prior to storing.  All food service equipment if used must be returned to the proper storage 
areas within the kitchen.  This includes all bakers’ racks and carts. 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


 
4 
 
Commissary members must book the equipment needed for their shift before they arrive to ensure it is available. 
Certain pieces of specialty equipment carry additional fees for use. It is recommended that you only book 
equipment for the time period you will be using it, rather than your entire shift, in order to minimize rental costs 
and ensure other Commissary members have access to equipment as needed.       
 
Before your first shift 
 
Onboarding: Once your application is reviewed, and you are approved as a client of The Kitchens at Nashville 
Farmers’ Market, you will be contacted to schedule an onboarding meeting with the market’s kitchens program 
manager and prompted to pay your onboarding fee. During the onboarding meeting, you will discuss 
expectations for use of The Commissary, participate in relevant equipment tutorials and sign your agreement in 
preparation for your first shift. Please come prepared with questions you may have about The Commissary 
program, as well as your required documents. You will also be assigned a “suite number” for use on any FDA or 
other relevant regulatory permits. However, you should not send any other mail to the market directly, but 
instead use your personal, business or PO box address for that purpose. After onboarding, you are free to 
schedule your first shifts. 
 
Agreement: New commissary members will sign a commissary agreement during the scheduled onboarding 
meeting. A valid, government-issued photo ID is required to sign the agreement. Agreements must be signed 
before accessing The Commissary as a rental.  
 
Scheduling and stations: The Commissary uses The Food Corridor as a platform to schedule and invoice its 
clients. Using The Food Corridor booking tutorial, you can learn the process of booking shifts at your 
convenience in the kitchen. The Commissary is open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week - except holidays blocked off 
in the reservation system. Booking is available in advance with a minimum 2-hour booking period. Scheduling 
can be denied at the sole discretion of Nashville Farmers' Market management based on adherence to 
commissary policies and protocol. Again, any equipment you wish to reserve must be booked in advance of your 
shift to ensure its availability to you. Booking can occur in any of the Commissary stations, all of which have two 
stainless steel prep tables, a bus tub, red sanitizer bucket, green wash bucket and trash receptacles for refuse, 
recycling and compost.  Businesses may only occupy space in the station they have rented for the timeframe 
they have rented. Occupying other areas of The Commissary kitchen will result in additional charges and actions 
outlined in the Kitchen Agreement. It is the responsibility of each member to add hours worked in excess of the 
scheduled timeframe and/or additional equipment into The Food Corridor within 24 hours of the shift’s start time 
in order to avoid additional fees and other disciplinary actions. 
 
For convenience, the following equipment is located near the six commissary stations: 
 
● 
Station A: Meat Grinder, Meat Slicer 
● 
Station B: Vacuum Sealer*, Label Maker* 
● 
Station C: Buffalo Chopper, Salad Spinner, Basin Sink 
● 
Station D: Double-Stack Convection Oven, Stand Mixer, Dough Sheeter* 
● 
Station E: Tilt Skillet, Stream Kettle 
● 
Station F: Blast Chiller*, Combi Oven* 
● 
Station G: Food Dehydrator  
*Specialty equipment subject to additional fees per hour of use. 
 
One-Time Events. The market may consider applications for one-time rentals of The Commissary area for 
special events. The rental rate for such an event rental is $200 per hour for a minimum of four hours. Applicants 
must submit an application with all required documents to be considered via Food Corridor.   
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


 
5 
 
Monthly rates: Monthly rental options A, B, C, D and E offer members the opportunity to receive discounted 
rates for a set number of prepaid Commissary station rental hours. Hours purchased for a month do not roll over 
and must be used within the calendar month. Any hours booked in excess of those purchased hours will carry 
the regular hourly rental rate of $20 / hour. These rates are only for hourly Commissary station rentals, and any 
storage, specialty equipment and other specific fees will still apply. You must give a 30-day written notice to 
cancel a membership. 
 
Program discounts: In order to best serve the market community, all hourly rates are offered to farmers and 
nonprofit organizations at 50% off the regular price. Nonprofit organizations will be asked to provide their 
mission statement and proof of 501(c)3 status. Farmers must provide a current grower certificate from an 
extension agent. Additionally, current market House tenants and farm shed members will receive 50% off hourly 
rates with proof of their current lease agreement. All vendors are subject to the regular application and approval 
process. 
Payment: Commissary members are expected to make regular payment via The Food Corridor. All monthly fee 
structures (such as memberships and storage) will be invoiced on the 5th of the month for that month’s rentals. 
Regular shifts are subject to the hourly rate and due at midnight following their completed shift. It is each 
member’s responsibility to remain in good standing. Any non-sufficient funds (NSF) that occur will be charged a 
$10 NSF fee.  Any past due payments carried into a new month are subject to late fee charges ($50/occurrence) 
and can result in suspension of rentals upon repeated offense. Members who use The Commissary prior to or 
after their scheduled shift will be charged the hourly rate for each unauthorized hour of use and will also be 
subject to the disciplinary actions set forth in Section 13(b) of the kitchen member agreement. Hourly rates are 
not prorated. Fees, such as onboarding, policy violation and hourly overages will be due at midnight on the day 
they are assigned to the account, unless otherwise approved by Nashville Farmers' Market management. 
 
Commissary members may pay via credit/debit card or ACH by selecting their preferred payment method on their 
Food Corridor account. All Commissary members will be charged the Food Corridor processing fee. The 
payment method on file will be automatically billed on the invoice date via Stripe as a secure payment. You will 
see the charge on your payment account as “Nashville Farmers' Market Kitchens.” In-person payments will not 
be accepted. Rejected payments are considered a policy violation and must be paid in full before resuming future 
scheduled shifts. Unpaid balances in excess of 30 days may result in a cancellation of any future shifts, as well 
as submission to Metro’s payment collections department. 
 
Reservation cancellation, no-shows, and refund requests: Upon booking, the member accepts responsibility 
for each shift. All members must sign in/out via Food Corridor with their assigned PIN code. Billing is based on 
time reserved. Time spent in the kitchen in excess of the rental period will result in $30 / hour additional rental 
fees and can result in cancellation of future shifts if your excess rental period conflicts with another rental. 
Members are required to add time on to their booking if they arrive early or leave late within 24 hours of the 
booking’s start time, so please plan your day accordingly. Shifts may be amended or canceled by written request 
to market management 72 hours or more in advance of the shift. Commissary members are responsible for all 
rental fees for bookings canceled less than 72 hours before the shift. Refunds or credits will not be provided 
unless accompanied by a written approval from market management. No shows will forfeit rental fees and are 
subject to immediate cancellation of all future shifts. In the event of a family or medical emergency, please 
contact the market’s kitchens program manager as soon as possible to cancel any previously scheduled booking. 
 
What to bring: Commissary members will have access to any equipment or appliances booked in advance, as 
well as a limited number of small wares detailed in the equipment list. In addition to any food items and 
ingredients you source, please be sure to bring any of the following that you may need:
● 
Gloves 
● 
Special tools / small wares 
● 
Specialty small appliances (with 
Nashville Farmers' Market approval) 
● 
Towels / linens / aprons 
● 
Plastic wrap / aluminum foil 
● 
Food storage containers 
● 
Packaging (no Styrofoam)
Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


 
6 
 
 
Communication: Market management uses Slack, electronic newsletters and direct communication via phone, 
text and email to communicate to market vendors. You will be expected to respond via these modes of 
communication and may use them to communicate with management and your fellow commissary members as 
needed. Communication on any medium, including in-person communication, is always expected to be respectful, 
courteous and professional. By accepting a Slack invitation, you agree to abide by the Slack Code of Conduct 
found in the appendix of this handbook. In the event of a serious emergency, you should always contact 911. 
However, for less severe incidents, you may contact market management during regular business hours or the 
market’s security team for immediate after-hours assistance. 
 
During your shift 
 
Hours: Commissary members may only access the kitchen area during the hours of their scheduled shift. 
Commissary members should factor in the time necessary to set up their station, clean their station and store 
their items into booking times. Failure to properly clean the commissary and reset it for the next shift will result in 
fines and further action. Although The Commissary is open 24/7 (except holidays), you will need to contact 
security to access the premises for late night or early morning shifts between 8 p.m. and 8 a.m. 
 
 
Check-in: Commissary members must sign in utilizing their Food Corridor PIN code upon arrival and test any 
equipment and assess the rented area for damage or insufficient cleaning upon check-in for each shift and notify 
the kitchens program manager of any defects or dirty items prior to the start of the shift. Defective or dirty items 
that have not been identified to the kitchens program manager, at check-in time will become the responsibility of 
the member scheduled for that shift. 
 
 
Loading / parking: Members may pull into the iron gated area between the Market House and Farm Sheds to 
load in and load out using only the designated doors, except from 9 a.m. - 2 p.m. on Saturday and Sunday. The 
Emergency exit door is NOT allowed to be utilized for load in and load out.  After market hours (8 p.m. - 8 a.m.) 
shifts require assistance from security to access gated / locked market areas. While loading, you may briefly park 
alongside the Market House using hazard lights to signify temporary parking. Vehicles must be re-parked before 
the loading window ends. Improperly parked vehicles are subject to tow at the owner’s expense. 
 
Commissary members may park only in the main Nashville Farmers’ Market lot during their scheduled shift or 
the designated commissary parking spaces next to the kitchen. This lot is located along Rosa L. Parks 
Boulevard, southwest of the market house building and directly next to the outdoor farm sheds. Members are 
not permitted to park in the lot between the market and the TN State Museum or any of the 2-hour parking 
spaces off 7th Avenue. For weekend rentals, we require all vendors and commissary members to park in the 
state employee parking lots.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


 
7 
 
To park in these spaces, please use the following procedures: 
 
 
 
When the gates are open:  
1. Parking: Drive through the iron gates and park as far up as you can where the cars are located on the map 
above. These spaces are only for commissary renters.  
2. Display your pass: After parking, please display your commissary parking pass on your dashboard so it is 
visible to the market’s security team. 
3. Exiting the iron gates: Use the roadway that is marked in the map above with blue arrows alongside farm shed 
two to exit onto Harrison Street. 
When the gates are closed: 
  
1. Accessing the gates: Call Nashville Farmers’ Market security team at (629) 295-1606 or (629) 395-8058 and 
let them know you need access into the gated area during your shift. If there is pedestrian traffic, pull in slowly to 
ensure the safety of customers and vendors.  
2. Parking: Pull forward and park as far up as you can, nearest to the eastern pedestrian walkway by farm shed 
two. This area is marked in yellow on the map above.  
3. Display your pass: After parking, please display your commissary parking pass on your dashboard so it is 
visible to the market’s security team. 
4. Exiting the iron gates: Call Nashville Farmers’ Market security team at (629) 295-1606 or (629) 395-8058 to let 
them know you will need to exit the main iron gates. Using the path marked in green arrows on the map above, 
pull forward past the eastern walkway and use the striped fire zone area to turn your car around. Slowly drive back 
through the main iron gates, being aware of pedestrian traffic. Turn right immediately once you exit the gate to 
access the main entrance at Rosa Parks Blvd.  
 
Loading and unloading only 
If you are not currently renting a station in the commissary kitchen, you may still use this area for loading and 
unloading for a maximum of 30 minutes, when available. Use the same entry/exit procedure for parking listed 
above. Turn your hazard lights on while loading/unloading. Do not block crosswalks or double park. 
 
Accessing the Commissary: The Commissary is accessible during your rented shifts via the east and west 
Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


 
8 
 
doors. You will be assigned a door code to access The Commissary. Your assigned code is subject to change as 
needed to maintain the security of The Commissary. The south doors must remain closed and locked at all times. 
Once inside, you may use the lockers located on the south side of the kitchen to store personal items. Each 
locker letter corresponds to your rented station letter, so you may only use the locker(s) that corresponds to the 
station(s) you’ve rented. 
 
Accessing the Commissary during an event 
If you have a rental during an event, please Slack #the-commissary channel to get parking assistance from market 
management or security. Please stay up to date regarding events, road closures and more via the general 
#communication Slack channel. 
 
Products: The Commissary has the equipment necessary to produce a wide variety of artisan food goods. In 
order to remain in good standing with the Tennessee Department of Agriculture, Food & Drug Administration and 
US Department of Agriculture, you will be asked to list the products you plan to make in the commissary on your 
application. To complete the application process, you will also create a comprehensive list of potential allergens 
that your products may contain. Please review the nine major food allergens before submitting this document. 
 
Food safety: All food preparation must be done in a permitted kitchen and any items prepared in a home kitchen 
will not be allowed in the commissary or storage areas. Commissary members are required to prepare and 
manufacture food items in accordance with all TDA and FDA rules and regulations. Foods prepared in a home 
kitchen may not be served to the public, unless such foods meet the requirements of the Tennessee Food 
Freedom Act. Hot foods must be kept hot and cold foods kept cold for the entirety of your shift. Foods may not be 
allowed to enter the “temperature danger zone” (between 135°F and 40°F). Since food is produced in large 
quantities in the commissary, serious attention to potential points of cross contamination or other food safety 
concerns is vital. 
 
Wash your hands regularly and use gloves when handling ready-to-eat foods. Maintain good personal hygiene 
and a sanitary work environment. All Commissary members must wear closed-toed, non-slip shoes and have their 
hair tied back and covered at all times. Familiarize yourself with the Commissary binders, which can assist you in 
the event of an inspection. Know where sanitizer test strips are and how to use them. While The Commissary 
maintains its own operational permits, you will also be inspected for your operations, and it is your responsibility to 
remain in good standing with the relevant permitting authorities. Those found in serious violation of Commissary 
and/or food safety protocol will not be allowed to use the Kitchens or its storage areas. Please review TDA’s 
Food Safety Guide before applying. 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


 
9 
 
Use of small wares: The Commissary has a limited supply of certain types of small wares available for use 
during your shift. These include, but are not limited to, rubber spatulas, whisks, strainers, etc. These items are 
primarily located on the kitchen’s pegboard and storage shelves. Since it is a shared space, please be mindful of 
your fellow members and only use small wares during production. Once finished with any piece, clean it and put it 
away in a timely manner to ensure availability for all members. Market-owned equipment theft will result in 
immediate termination of licensee agreement. 
 
Personnel: Each member assumes full responsibility for 
anyone they allow to access the kitchen or storage areas. As 
such, it is vital that your personnel are properly trained in both 
commissary operations and its overall culture. Additionally, you 
should never allow anyone access that you do not know or 
vouch for, as they will be considered your responsibility once 
inside. It is highly recommended that you, as the business 
owner, employ a “first in/last out” procedure for yourself for 
every shift. Businesses can have a maximum of three people 
at a station per shift, any more would require rental of an 
additional station. 
 
Storage: A limited amount of on-site storage options are 
available for members. Dry, cold and freezer storage is 
available for monthly rental by the shelf and rack. All items 
stored in dry storage areas must be properly labeled and 
stored in food storage containers and may not be stored in 
bags, boxes or other vulnerable packaging that may attract 
pests. No items may be stored on the floor without prior 
written approval. All items stored in cold storage areas are 
subject to regular cold storage standards. Please contact 
the kitchens program manager to reserve storage space. 
 
Deliveries: In order to receive deliveries, the business owner 
or a representative must be on-site to inventory and properly 
store their order. Deliveries should be received as they arrive 
at the north entrance only, which is nearest to the storage 
areas and does not have restricted access at any time. Deliveries should only be sent to the market if they are 
comprised of items directly associated with the products you manufacture on-site, and if you have sufficient 
storage for those items. 
 
Garbage / refuse: The Nashville Farmers’ Market offers recycling, compost and landfill waste collection at the on- 
premises waste center. Each Commissary member is responsible for the three bins at their reserved station and 
may not use other receptacles in the commissary area. All recycling, compost and garbage must be removed 
from The Commissary and placed in the appropriate dumpsters at the end of each day. To keep the market area 
clean and presentable for customers, Commissary members must break down boxes, store trash in an orderly 
manner and bring any excessive refuse to the waste center throughout their shifts as needed. 
 
Cameras: The Commissary is equipped with several cameras in order to help support the safety of members and 
the food prepared in the space. The cameras may also be used in the event of damage to equipment, missing 
items or shift overages. Market management is solely responsible for accessing and reviewing commissary 
camera footage. 
 
Alcoholic beverages and other controlled substances: Sale and consumption of alcoholic beverages, 
including beer, wine and liquor, is prohibited in The Commissary, except with written permission from market 
management and proper permitting. No illegal substances shall be consumed, kept, bought, or sold in any rental 
space or other market locations. Smoking and vaping are prohibited on market grounds (inside the iron gates, 
patio areas, garden center, farm sheds and market house).
Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


 
10 
 
Rules of conduct: Nashville Farmers’ Market management expects all kitchen members and their staff to 
conduct themselves in a manner that contributes to a positive experience for vendors, staff and guests. Children 
and pets are not allowed in the kitchen area. Work directly with your fellow members to ensure a friendly, 
courteous and supportive working environment and interact with them in a calm and respectful manner to resolve 
disagreements and misunderstandings. Although the market management is available to assist in the event of 
serious behavioral infractions, the culture of the kitchen is one that promotes working as a community to 
accomplish your goals, which may sometimes mean discussing how to work positively with one another. 
Inappropriate conduct or language toward other vendors, customers, or management - whether in person or by 
electronic media - will not be tolerated and may be grounds for immediate termination of the kitchen member 
agreement and dismissal from the market. 
 
Harassment-free workplace: The following is applicable to all vendors and their staff, market staff, service 
providers and board members. Nashville Farmers’ Market is committed to a work environment in which all 
individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Everyone has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that 
promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices including harassment. 
Therefore, the market expects that all relationships among persons in the office and markets will be businesslike 
and free of bias, prejudice and harassment. It is the policy of the market to ensure equal employment opportunity 
without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender 
identity, national origin, immigration status, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty or status 
as a covered veteran. Nashville Farmers’ Market prohibits any such discrimination or harassment. Anyone who 
experiences harassment is encouraged to report the incident to market management. Any vendor found to be 
violating this policy is subject to possible suspension or expulsion from the market. Please see the appendix on 
page 11 for a full definition of harassment. 
 
After your shift 
Cleaning: Market management expects members to clean as they go during a shift to maintain a tidy and sanitary 
kitchen environment throughout the day. The Commissary and its members are subject to inspection from TDA or 
the USDA depending on their products, so members must operate in an organized, clean way that is conducive to 
maintaining active permits. 
 
From counters to floors, equipment and appliances, inside fridges and in the dish area, members must leave the 
kitchen and storage areas in a clean, organized and rentable state. All market-owned small wares and equipment 
must be cleaned and put away from where they were originally sourced. All surfaces must be free of food debris, 
cleaned, rinsed and then sanitized in order to be considered fully cleaned. The reach-in fridge in the kitchen area 
must be completely empty and wiped down of food debris before the end of each shift with all items shifted back 
into storage. Storage of any personal or business items in The Commissary is strictly prohibited without written 
approval from market management. Items left in The Commissary are subject to removal and disposal. 
Remember: this is a shared kitchen space so you should leave it in a condition that is respectful of the next small 
business owner using the space and conducive to their success. Commissary members must utilize the cleaning 
checklist by scanning the QR code on the exit doors. 
 
Dish area: The dish area is a shared space among all members that are renting The Commissary at any given 
time. Being such, it is your responsibility to use the space in an efficient, clean and organized manner. You must 
completely clean, dry and put away any dishes before returning to other tasks to ensure the space is ready for the 
next member. The sinks and dishwashers must be completely cleaned and free of food debris before you leave 
the area. The mop sink must be free of debris or refuse, and the mop bucket must be emptied and rinsed after 
each use. 
 
Chemical use: The Nashville Farmers’ Market provides all cleaning supplies and equipment needed to maintain 
a safe, healthy and appealing cooking environment, including:
● 
Scouring pads / 
sponges 
● 
Paper towels 
● 
Hand soap 
● 
Dish detergent 
● 
Sanitizer 
● 
Dish machine detergent 
● 
Floor cleaner 
● 
All-purpose cleaner
Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


 
11 
 
● 
Degreaser 
● 
Stainless steel polish 
● 
Squeegee 
● 
Mop and mop bucket 
● 
Broom and dust pan 
● 
Trash cans with liners 
● 
Sanitizer test strips
 
All chemicals are approved for use in a kitchen space and have inspected and approved safety data sheets in the 
commissary binder. These chemicals are highly-concentrated and are therefore only safe for use when hooked up 
to their corresponding dispenser, which is calibrated for proper dilution. As such, free pouring chemicals directly 
out of a bottle constitutes a policy violation. However, it may also cause your entire batch of food to be considered 
not food safe. Please use chemicals only as directed. If you are unfamiliar with any kitchen chemicals, please let 
the kitchens program manager know. 
 
Incomplete cleaning and damaged property: Failure to properly clean The Commissary and reset it for the next 
renter will result in a cleaning fee of $100. Multiple cleaning-related violations will result in suspension or 
cancellation of all future shifts. If equipment, small wares, tools or any other market property is damaged during 
your shift, you must alert the market’s kitchens program manager immediately. Damage to market equipment or 
property will result in a minimum $100 fee per occurrence. However, if the equipment and/or property is damaged 
to the point of needing serious repair or being inoperable for an extended period of time, members will be charged 
the cost or repair or replacement and may be subject to suspension and/or termination of kitchen member 
agreement and scheduled shifts. While accidents do happen, please work in a way that ensures a clean and 
functional environment for the other members of this shared Commissary space. By being attentive and 
considerate, you will help support the culture of this community space. If you are concerned with the state of the 
kitchen, its equipment or its cleanliness from the previous member, please contact the kitchens program manager 
immediately. Photo documentation of any issues reported will be required. 
 
Check-out: At the end of each shift, each Commissary member must utilize the closing check list by scanning 
the QR code located on the exit doors and complete the checklist prior to ending your scheduled shift.  Each 
Commissary member must also sign out with their Food Corridor PIN code prior to leaving for the day.      
Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


 
12 
 
Commissary station checklist 
 
Beginning of shift:  
1. Sign into The Food Corridor 
2. Send any necessary maintenance notes to kitchens program manager 
3. Begin shift 
 
End of shift:  
1. Wash/sanitize all dishes, cooking implements and tools 
2. Empty dish machine 
3. Put away all dishes/cooking tools 
4. Clean, rinse and sanitize your rented equipment/appliances 
5. Clean, rinse and sanitize any food-contact surfaces (i.e. prep tables) 
6. Empty and wipe down in-commissary fridges if used 
7. Empty and wipe down all metro shelves and speed racks used 
8. Sweep entire station, including under equipment 
9. Mop rented commissary station(s), including under equipment 
10. Clean all used sinks, including hand sink, dish sink Sweep/mop dish area floor space 
11. Take trash, recycling and compost to waste disposal center (outside the market house); drape replacement 
trash can liners over trash cans - DO NOT LEAVE TRASH BAGS ON THE GROUND 
12. Place all oven racks inside the ovens 
13. Check that all heating equipment is off 
14. Turn hood off if used at your station 
15. Check that all personal/business belongings/products/merchandise have been removed from the kitchen 
area (including inside ovens, fridges, freezers, cabinets and the dish machine) and placed in proper, rented 
storage areas 
16. Return all cleaning tools and chemicals to proper areas (dish area/storage cage) 
17. Return all push carts to the holding area 
18. Return all wheeled bakers racks to holding area 
19. Be sure the commissary door is closed and locked behind you 
 
 
 
______________________________________ 
_______________________________________ 
 
Member name (printed) 
Business name 
 
 
  
/ 
/   
 
 
 
Member signature 
Date
Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


 
13 
 
Appendix 
Definitions of harassment: Sexual harassment constitutes discrimination and is illegal under federal, state and 
local laws. For the purposes of this policy, sexual harassment is defined, as in the Equal Employment Opportunity 
Commission Guidelines, as unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors and other verbal or physical 
conduct of a sexual nature when, for example: 
● 
Submission to such conduct is made either explicitly or implicitly a term or condition of an 
individual's employment 
● 
Submission to or rejection of such conduct by an individual is used as the basis for employment 
decisions affecting such individuals 
● 
Such conduct has the purpose or effect of unreasonably interfering with an individual's work 
performance or creating an intimidating, hostile or offensive working environment. 
Sexual harassment may include a range of subtle and not-so-subtle behaviors and may involve individuals of the 
same or different genders. Depending on the circumstances, these behaviors may include unwanted sexual 
advances or requests for sexual favors; sexual jokes and innuendo; verbal abuse of a sexual nature; 
commentary about an individual's body, sexual prowess or sexual deficiencies; leering, whistling or touching; 
insulting or obscene comments or gestures; display in the workplace of sexually suggestive objects or pictures; 
and other physical, verbal or visual conduct of a sexual nature. 
Harassment on the basis of any other protected characteristic is also strictly prohibited. Under this policy, 
harassment is verbal, written or physical conduct that denigrates or shows hostility or aversion toward an 
individual because of their race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, immigration status or 
citizenship, age, disability, marital status, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected 
by law or that of their relatives, friends or associates, and that: a) has the purpose or effect of creating an 
intimidating, hostile or offensive work environment; b) has the purpose or effect of unreasonably interfering with 
an individual's work performance; or c) otherwise adversely affects an individual's employment opportunities. 
Harassing conduct includes epithets, slurs or negative stereotyping; threatening, intimidating or hostile acts; 
denigrating jokes; and written or graphic material that denigrates or shows hostility or aversion toward an 
individual or group and that is placed on walls or elsewhere on the employer's premises or circulated in the 
workplace, on company time or using company equipment via email, phone (including voice messages), 
text messages, tweets, blogs, social networking sites or other means. 
These policies apply to all applicants’ employees and off-site markets where the Nashville Farmers' Market 
operates, whether related to conduct engaged in by fellow employees or someone not directly connected to the 
Nashville Farmers' Market (e.g., an outside vendor, consultant or customer). Conduct prohibited by these 
policies is unacceptable in the workplace and in any work-related setting outside the workplace, such as during 
business trips, business meetings and business-related social events. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


 
14 
 
 
Slack Code of Conduct for Information and Communications: Slack is an internal messaging app for 
businesses that quickly connects you to information you need to stay in the loop about important topics in real 
time. Slack makes access to Nashville Farmers' Market management and fellow businesses easy - you can 
message anyone and collaborate just like you would in person. Slack features dedicated spaces called channels 
so content is organized and easy to find. Slack is the mandatory and main internal communications tool for 
Nashville Farmers’ Market. Please review the links below to learn about Slack, how to use it, and how it will 
improve our communications. 
 
How to use Slack: 
1. Download the Slack app on your phone or computer. 
2. Visit Slack.com to watch a demo video here and review their FAQ section. 
3. Step 3: Review and acknowledge the rules and guidelines in this document 
4. Step 4: Notify a Slack admin (information below) that you have downloaded the app and are 
ready to be invited to the Nashville Farmers’ Market Slack channels. 
 
Slack admins: 
● 
Darrell Lane, Executive Director - Darrell.Lane@Nashville.gov 
● 
David Griffin, Finance & Administration Manager - David.Griffin@Nashville.gov 
● 
Courtney Cotton, Marketing Manager - Courtney.Cotton@Nashville.gov 
 
Slack rules and guidelines: 
 
As an entity of the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, the Nashville Farmers’ Market is 
subject to public records requests and as such all Slack messages fall under the Tennessee Public Records Act and 
are not confidential. 
 
The Nashville Farmer’s Market requests that information shared on Nashville Farmers’ Market Slack channels not 
be shared with the general public. Our Slack community is intended only for communication between those who 
work at the market in a vendor, staff or tenant capacity. 
 
Be sure that your login credentials and logged-in devices are secure. Please exercise caution and refrain from 
sharing sensitive information as any information shared in the Slack channel is a public record. 
 
Slack retains complete logs of all channels and direct messages for the Nashville Farmers’ Market. Slack is a U.S. 
company and is therefore subject to subpoenas from U.S. courts. Our logs may be subject to subpoena and could 
become public as part of legal proceedings.  
 
Nashville Farmers’ Market has a zero tolerance policy for harassment. Harassment includes all of the points listed in 
the appendix above, as well as a sustained disruption of discussion, continued one-on-one communication after 
requests to cease or publication of non-harassing private communication If you are being harassed, notice that 
someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact a Nashville Farmers’ Market Slack 
administrative member immediately. Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply 
immediately. If a participant engages in harassing behavior, Slack admins may take any action they deem 
appropriate, up to and including expulsion from the Nashville Farmers’ Market. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


 
{N0734583.1} 
1 
 
 
 
 
The Pop-Up Handbook 
 
Updated February 4, 2026 
 
Overview: The Pop-Up Kitchen at Nashville Farmers’ Market (formerly Grow Local Kitchen) was founded 
in 2012 to offer a space for startup food entrepreneurs of all kinds to incubate their food service 
businesses, as well as offer a demonstration and workshop kitchen space for food artisans and community 
organizations. Located in the heart of the indoor market house, our pop-up kitchen provides a vibrant and 
diverse line-up of rotating food options for visitors to the market. For Pop-Up Members, the space provides 
a platform to introduce your cuisine and food service concepts to the greater Nashville community, 
including potential investors. The rentable kitchen is outfitted with essential, commercial-grade kitchen 
equipment and tools to help you turn your ideas and dreams into reality. The Pop-Up has fostered the 
growth of many of Nashville’s best food concepts into fully-developed restaurant concepts, such as the 
market’s own Succulent Vegan Tacos. Ultimately, the goal of the program is for your business to outgrow it 
and grow into a thriving permanent location of your own. 
 
About the Nashville Farmers' Market: The market operates daily as a retail hub and small business 
incubation center for farmers, artisans, and small businesses that desire to serve the region. The market is 
located on a 12-acre property in the urban core of Nashville, within walking distance of many local 
neighborhoods, including Germantown, Salemtown, the Gulch and the downtown district. The public facility 
includes two outdoor sheds, a garden center, and a food hall with roughly 25 diverse dining options and 
retail stores. 
 
Mission statement: Curating an inclusive destination marketplace that fosters a connection between our 
community and the farmers, foods, and artisans who contribute to our food system. 
 
 
 
 
Table of contents
Application and approval - page 2 
 
 
During your shift - page 7 
Rates - page 3 
 
 
 
 
After your shift - page 9 
Staff, services and equipment - page 4 
 
Closing checklist - page 10 
Before your first shift - page 5  
 
 
Appendix - page 11
Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


 
{N0734583.1} 
2 
 
Application, approval and rates 
 
How to apply: To join our community of Pop-Up members, complete the following steps: 
 
1. Read this handbook in full before applying. 
2. Go to the Pop-Up Application page at nashvillefarmersmarket.org/pop-up-application, fill out 
all fields and submit. 
3. Create a “food business” account or login to your existing account on TheFoodCorridor.com. 
4. Fill in your business info and select “The Kitchens at Nashville Farmers’ Market” as your kitchen. 
5. Submit current copies of required documents via The Food Corridor: 
6. Business license (Davidson County Clerk’s Office, $30) 
7. Sales & Use Tax Certificate (TN Dept. of Revenue, free) 
8. Proof of Liability Insurance Certificates (minimum $1 million coverage with the following added 
as an additionally insured certificate holder: 
● 
Certificate 1: Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County 
Metro Courthouse, Suite 108; Nashville, TN 37201 
● 
Certificate 2: State of Tennessee; William R. Snodgrass Tennessee Tower 
312 Rosa L. Parks Blvd; Nashville, Tennessee 37243 
9. Sample menu 
10. ServSafe Certificate or Metro Nashville Health Dept. Food Safety Training Certificate 
● 
Business clients must be present for booked shifts or communicate a designee who has a 
ServeSafe certification on file in The Food Corridor to manage booked operations for the 
client. 
11. Shared Kitchen Agreement (if using another kitchen to prepare foods for your shift) 
12. Select payment method via The Food Corridor (credit/debit or ACH). 
13. Schedule an onboarding meeting with the kitchens program manager and pay your onboarding fee. 
 
Approval and agreement 
 
Approval: The purpose of The Pop-Up is to help developing food concepts incubate into successful 
businesses by offering a startup option with low overhead costs where they can develop a regular clientele. 
As such, market management will prioritize applications of members that do not currently have permanent 
business locations or operations. Established businesses looking to test a new concept outside of their 
regular operations may be considered for the program. However, food service concepts that duplicate 
offerings of market house tenants will not be considered, unless given written approval by market 
management for a specific exemption. 
 
Pop-Up members may be asked to provide additional information, documentation or samples before client 
approval and onboarding. Approval is done at the sole discretion of market management, taking in 
consideration factors including: 
● 
Requested schedule 
● 
Product mix 
● 
Shift readiness 
● 
History of policy adherence and account status (for returning kitchen members 
 
Types of kitchen members: The Pop-Up offers several types of rental options for its kitchen members: 
 
Single event pop-ups: Single day pop-ups provide variety and excitement to the program. These can 
be food service concepts that are seeking to stop into The Pop-Up kitchen just one time as a special 
promotion or for a specific event. Single event pop-ups are considered on an as-needed basis, with 
priority given to our regular program users. 
 
Regularly scheduled pop-ups: Businesses looking to participate in the Pop-Up program regularly can 
request specific days of the week to be considered for scheduling in the kitchen on a rotating basis. 
Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


 
{N0734583.1} 
3 
 
Shifts are offered a minimum of one month in advance. Generally, pop-up shifts occur on Friday, Saturday or 
Sunday, with limited weekday availability based on current residencies scheduled. Non- 
residency pop-ups can expect 1 – 3 shifts per month.       
 
Residencies: The Pop-Up at the Nashville Farmers' Market offers the opportunity for kitchen members 
to build a consistent customer base through our residency program. There are 4 residencies available: 
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday. Members can sign up for one of the four residencies, 
depending on availability, for a minimum 3-month term with the option to renew up to 12 months.      
      
Resident businesses will have access to the kitchen from 8 a.m. – 4 p.m. during their day of the week 
with a minimum of 4 hours per day required opening. Residents can be open more than 4 hours, but 
must factor in food preparation and cleanup/closing into their 8 hour rental timeframe. Residents can 
add Friday-Sunday pop-up shifts to their schedule by request. All regular kitchen requirements and 
policies apply. 
 
Workshops / demonstrations: Food artisans, chefs, culinary businesses and nonprofits are 
encouraged to host food preparation classes, nutrition workshops and other cooking demonstrations in 
the Pop-Up after lunch service hours. Limited customer traffic in the evening allows workshop hosts the 
ability to charge ticket/attendance fees for their event. 
 
Prep shifts: All Pop-Up shifts have a built-in three hour prep period in which members can prepare the 
foods they will be serving in The Pop-Up’s permitted kitchen space. If you require more time to prep 
before your shift, you may request an off-peak hours prep rental. Prep rentals are subject to all 
operational policies and procedures. Pop-Up members may not serve food prepared in a home kitchen. 
 
Ghost kitchen rentals: This option is for dinner and late night food service in conjunction with a delivery 
app or service. It does not have direct-to-consumer sales component. 
 
Tastings: Chefs looking to engage investors can use The Pop-Up for evening tastings. 
 
 
Rates: 
Lunch shift (Monday - Thursday) rental (9 a.m. - 3 p.m.) 
$120 / day peak ($20 / hour); 
$90 / day winter ($15 / hour) 
Single day (Friday - Sunday) pop-up rental (8 a.m. - 4 p.m.) 
$200 / day peak ($25 / hour); 
$160 / day winter ($20 / hour) 
After-hours rentals (prep, ghost kitchen, demo, workshop, tastings) 
$20 / hour 
Event rental (4-hour minimum) 
$25 / hour 
Residency (3-month term) 
$500 / month 
$360 / month winter 
Dry storage rental (per shelf) 
$25 / month 
Cooler / Freezer storage rental (per shelf) 
$25 / month 
Equipment / property damage fee 
$100 / occurrence 
Insufficient cleaning fee (see cleaning checklist) 
$100 / occurrence 
Policy violation fee 
$50 / occurrence 
Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


 
{N0734583.1} 
4 
 
Staff, services and equipment 
 
Nashville Farmers’ Market management: Market management is responsible for administering and 
enforcing all Market rules, policies and procedures, as well as ensuring public safety, scheduling kitchen use, 
approving kitchen members, hosting market kitchen demonstrations and managing market events and 
festivals. Market management is instructed to handle and resolve any issues that may arise, and all market 
staff has authority to resolve issues in a civil and efficient manner. 
● 
Darrell Lane, Executive Director: darrell.lane@nashville.gov or 615-390-5031 
● 
Charles Kizer, Building Maintenance Superintendent  : charles.kizer@nashville.gov 
● 
David Griffin, Finance & Administration Manager: david.griffin@nashville.gov 
● 
Courtney Cotton, Marketing Manager: courtney.cotton@nashville.gov 
● 
Yolanda Manning, Kitchens Program Manager: yolanda.manning@nashville.gov 
● 
Katie Cummings, Farm Sheds Coordinator: katie.cummings@nashville.gov 
 
 
Security: Security personnel are on market property to provide public safety and regulate after-hours 
entrance to the premises. Only authorized persons will be permitted to enter after hours. Call 911 if there is a 
medical emergency. If you need to report a safety or security concern, please contact a member of the 
security team immediately at either (629) 295-1606 or (629) 395-8058. 
 
Although the market has on-site security 24/7, securing individual property, including merchandise, tip jars 
and cash boxes, is the sole responsibility of each kitchen user. If you believe something has been stolen 
from you during your shift, it is up to you to file a police report if you believe the theft warrants it. 
 
Janitorial services: Janitorial services are contracted to provide cleaning and sanitation of common areas, 
restrooms, waste receptacles and grounds. If there is a janitorial issue, please contact market management 
or security personnel to report the issue immediately. However, cleaning of the kitchen area, its equipment 
and small wares is the sole responsibility of the kitchen member on shift that day. See pages 8 - 10 for a 
full explanation of cleaning/closing expectations. 
 
      
Food service equipment list: 
 
● 
Six-burner range (60”W x 33”D) with flat-top griddle (24”W x 21”D) 
● 
Air fryer 
● 
Two-compartment, reach-in gas oven (standard; 27”W x 26”D x 14”H) 
● 
Hood with Ansul system 
● 
Double-stack electric convection oven (int: 26”W x 22”D x 20”H ea.) 
● 
Ice machine (cap: 31#) 
● 
Low-boy refrigerator with 12-pan sandwich prep line (ext: 71”W x 32”D x 30”H / freezer cap: 5.3 cu. ft 
/ fridge cap: 12.4 cu.ft.) 
● 
Reach-in refrigerator / freezer (int: 46”W x 27” D x 53” H, cap 21.01 cu. ft. ea.) 
● 
Three compartment sink with sprayer 
● 
Dish machine (int: 25”W x 25”D x 16”H)
Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


 
{N0734583.1} 
5 
 
Other equipment / tools:
● 
Prep table (1) 
● 
Speed rack (1) 
● 
Pot with lid (1), saucepan (2) 
● 
Pans (4) 
● 
Cutting boards (3) 
● 
Tongs (2) 
● 
Slotted spoons (2) 
● 
Mixing bowls (2), whisks (1) 
● 
Measuring pitchers (2) 
● 
Spatulas (rubber 2, metal 2) 
● 
Strainers (2) 
● 
Blender (1) 
● 
Mixer (1) 
● 
Food processor (1) 
● 
Can opener (1) 
● 
Digital thermometer (2) 
● 
Digital scale (1) 
● 
Fire extinguishers (2)
 
Before your first shift 
 
Onboarding: Once your application is reviewed and you are approved as a client of The Kitchens at 
Nashville Farmers’ Market, you will be contacted to schedule a meeting with the market’s kitchens program 
manager. During this meeting, you will discuss expectations for use of The Pop-Up, schedule availability, 
sign your agreement, tour the kitchen area and more in preparation for your first shift. Please come prepared 
with questions you may have about the program and kitchen. 
      
Agreement: New Pop-Up members will sign an agreement during the scheduled onboarding meeting. A 
valid, government-issued photo ID is required to sign the agreement. Agreements must be signed before 
accessing The Pop-Up kitchen as a rental.  
 
Scheduling: Shifts will be scheduled with a minimum of 30 days’ notice for pop-ups via email from the 
kitchens program manager. Typically, shifts will be sent on the first of the month for the following month’s 
schedule, 
i.e. January’s shifts will be sent out December 1. You must add a payment method to your account before 
bookings can be confirmed. Lunch shifts are available daily. These shifts are offered at a minimum of 9 a.m. 
– 3 p.m. Monday through Thursday and 8 a.m. - 4 p.m. Friday through Sunday. However, you may request 
additional prep or service time outside of this time frame subject to availability. It is the responsibility of each 
member to add hours worked in excess of the scheduled timeframe in The Food Corridor within 24 hours of 
the shift’s start time in order to avoid additional fees and other disciplinary actions. Scheduling is done at the 
sole discretion of market management to ensure a variety of food options. To get an idea of how the kitchen 
is scheduled, you can review The Pop-Up’s schedule at nashvillefarmersmarket.org.  
 
Program discounts: In order to best serve the market community, all hourly rates are offered to farmers 
and nonprofit organizations at 50% off the regular price. Nonprofit organizations will be asked to provide 
their mission statement and proof of 501(c)3 status. Farmers must provide a current grower certificate from 
an extension agent. All vendors are subject to the regular application and approval process. 
 
Payment: All Pop-Up Kitchen members are expected to make regular payment via The Food Corridor. 
Monthly fees, such as storage, will be invoiced on the 5th of the month for that month’s rentals. Single-day 
and hourly bookings will be invoiced at midnight following the completed shift. It is each member’s 
responsibility to remain in good standing. Any non-sufficient funds (NSF) that occur will be charged a $10 
NSF fee. Any past due payments carried into a new month are subject to late fee charges ($50) and can 
result in suspension of rentals on repeated offense. Fees, such as onboarding, policy violation and hourly 
overages will be due at midnight on the day they are assigned to the account, unless otherwise approved 
by market management.
Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


 
{N0734583.1} 
6 
 
Pop-Up members may pay via credit / debit card or ACH by selecting their preferred payment method on 
The Food Corridor account. All Pop-Up members will be charged the Food Corridor processing fee. The 
payment method on file will be automatically billed on the invoice date via Stripe as a secure payment. You 
will see the charge on your payment account as “Nashville Farmers' Market KITCHENS.” In- person 
payments will not be accepted. Rejected payments are considered a policy violation, and, in addition to the 
procedure outlined in your kitchen member agreement, must be paid in full before resuming future 
scheduled shifts. Unpaid balances in excess of 30 days may result in a cancellation of any future shifts, as 
well as submission to Metro’s Payment Collections department. 
 
Reservation cancellation, no-shows and refund requests: Upon approval of the scheduled shifts, the 
member accepts responsibility for each approved date. All members must sign in/out via Food Corridor with 
their assigned PIN code. Billing is based on time reserved. Lunch shifts may be amended or canceled by 
written request to market management 14 days in advance of the shift. Members are responsible for all 
rental fees for bookings canceled in less than 14 days of the shift. Any after-hours rental can be canceled 
with a minimum of 72 hours written notice in advance of the booking or all regular fees apply. Members may 
use The Pop-Up Slack channel group to find coverage for a shift. Requests for refunds or credits will not be 
provided unless accompanied by a written approval from market management. No shows will forfeit rental 
fees and are subject to immediate cancellation of all future shifts. In the event of a family or medical 
emergency, please contact the market’s kitchens program manager as soon as possible if you will need to 
miss your shift. 
 
What to bring: Pop-Up members will have access to all of the equipment and small wares listed on pages 4 
and 5. In addition to any food items and product you may need during your shift, please be sure to bring any 
of the following that you may need:
o 
Register with point-of-sale system 
o 
Hotspot or other private wifi device 
o 
Cash box 
o 
Tip jar 
o 
Menu signs (max. 36” H x 24” W) 
o 
Business banners (max. 24” H x 60” W) 
o 
Knives 
o 
Gloves 
o 
Special tools / small wares 
o 
Small appliances (i.e. tabletop fryer) 
o 
Towels / linens / aprons 
o 
Plastic wrap / aluminum foil 
o 
Food storage containers
 
Additionally, Pop-Up kitchen members are required to bring their own packaging for their meals. The market 
strongly encourages the use of compostable or recyclable containers, as we have disposal options for both 
available to kitchen members and customers alike. Use of Styrofoam is prohibited. 
 
Marketing: Although the market seeks to actively promote all businesses, businesses in The Pop-Up 
program are responsible for their own marketing and social media presence. The Pop-Up kitchen members 
are required to maintain their social media presence by actively posting in advance of and during their shifts 
to engage customers once per shift, at minimum. In general, businesses who engage in regular social 
media promotions tend to have higher daily sales than those who don’t. Additionally, Pop-Up members must 
tag @nashvillefarmersmarket on any Instagram or Facebook related to your shifts so that we may reshare 
your promotions with our expansive follower base. 
 
Communication: Market management uses Slack, electronic newsletters and direct communication via 
phone, text and email to communicate to market vendors. You will be expected to respond via these modes 
of communication and may use them to communicate with management and your fellow commissary 
members as needed. Communication on any medium, including in-person communication, is always 
expected to be respectful, courteous and professional. By accepting a Slack invitation, you agree to abide by 
the Slack Code of Conduct found in the appendix of this handbook. In the event of a serious emergency, you 
should always contact 911. However, for less severe incidents, you may contact market management during 
regular business hours or the market’s security team for immediate after-hours assistance.
Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


 
{N0734583.1} 
7 
 
During your shift 
Hours: Lunch shifts run from 9 a.m. – 3 p.m. Monday-Thursday and 8 a.m. - 4 p.m., Friday-Sunday, with 
required opening hours of 11 a.m. – 2 p.m. on weekdays and 10 a.m. – 3 p.m. on weekends. Pop-Up 
members will have a two-hour prep period to make any food items you will need during a shift. However, if 
ready to serve, you may begin selling before the required opening time. 
 
Pop-Up members should plan a minimum cleaning and closing period of one hour. Failure to properly clean 
The Pop-Up kitchen and reset it for the next shift will result in fines and further action. Time spent in the 
kitchen in excess of the rental period will result in $20 / hour additional rental fees and can result in 
cancellation of future shifts if your excess rental period conflicts with another rental. Members are required to 
add time on to their booking if they arrive early or leave late, so please plan your day accordingly. 
 
Check-in: Pop-Up members must sign in utilizing their Food Corridor PIN code upon arrival and test any 
equipment and assess the rented area for damage or insufficient cleaning upon check-in for each shift and 
notify the kitchens program manager of any defective or dirty items prior to the start of the shift. Defective or 
dirty items that have not been identified to the kitchens program manager at check- in time will become the 
responsibility of the user scheduled for that shift. 
 
Loading / parking: Pop-Up members may pull into the iron gated area between the market house and farm 
sheds to load in and load out. During loading times, you may briefly park alongside the market house using 
hazard lights to signify temporary parking. Vehicles must be re-parked before beginning any work in the 
kitchen. Improperly parked vehicles are subject to tow at the owner’s expense. 
 
To park in these spaces, please use the following procedures: 
 
 
 
When the gates are open:  
1. Parking: Drive through the iron gates and park as far up as you can where the cars are located on the map 
above.  
2. Display your pass: After parking, please display your parking pass on your dashboard so it is visible to the 
market’s security team. 
3. Exiting the iron gates: Use the roadway that is marked in the map above with blue arrows alongside farm 
Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


 
{N0734583.1} 
8 
 
shed two to exit onto Harrison Street. 
 
When the gates are closed: 
  
1. Accessing the gates: Call Nashville Farmers’ Market security team at (629) 295-1606 or (629) 395-8058 
and let them know you need access into the gated area during your shift. If there is pedestrian traffic, pull in 
slowly to ensure the safety of customers and vendors.  
2. Parking: Pull forward and park as far up as you can, nearest to the eastern pedestrian walkway by farm 
shed two. This area is marked in yellow on the map above.  
3. Display your pass: After parking, please display your parking pass on your dashboard so it is visible to the 
market’s security team. 
4. Exiting the iron gates: Call Nashville Farmers’ Market security team at (629) 295-1606 or (629) 395-8058 
to let them know you will need to exit the main iron gates. Using the path marked in green arrows on the map 
above, pull forward past the eastern walkway and use the striped fire zone area to turn your car around. 
Slowly drive back through the main iron gates, being aware of pedestrian traffic. Turn right immediately once 
you exit the gate to access the main entrance at Rosa Parks Blvd.  
 
Pop-Up members may park in the main Nashville Farmers’ Market lot during their scheduled shift. This lot is 
located along Rosa L. Parks Boulevard, southwest of the market house building and directly next to the 
outdoor farm sheds. Members are not permitted to park in the lot between the market and the TN State 
Museum or any of the two-hour parking spaces off 7th Avenue. For weekend kitchen members, additional 
parking is available in the State employee parking lots located off 6th Avenue across from Bicentennial 
Mall. 
 
Menu: Pop-Up members must submit a menu to the market’s kitchens program manager for approval. 
Business owners are highly encouraged to take advantage of seasonal specials and new menu items to 
engage customers. If you wish to add items, specials or make other changes to your approved menu, 
you must submit those requests 48 hours in advance of your shift. This includes pre-packaged 
beverages. Selling unapproved items constitutes a policy violation. Members are required to display 
their menu with menu items and prices listed. It is encouraged, but not required, to provide additional 
information about your dishes, including ingredients and allergen information, on your menu signage. 
 
Business signage: Pop-Up members are required to display signage of their company name during their 
shifts. Signage may be securely hung or placed within the kitchen area only. A-frame signage is not 
approved for placement in market house walkways. It is encouraged that your signage includes contact 
information including your website’s URL, social media handles and an email address/phone number so that 
customers can engage with you before and after shifts. Signage may be hung anywhere along the main 
counter, affixed to columns in the kitchen, placed on the counters or securely attached to the plexiglass 
guard in areas where market signage is not hung. Signage may not be hung from The Pop-Up’s hood. 
When removing signage, you must remove all residue left from tape or other hanging materials. 
 
No signs, banners or advertising material may be placed on any area outside of The Pop-Up area. Use of 
nails and screws to hang signage is prohibited. All signage must be removed after each shift. Hanging or 
attaching anything to gutters and downspouts of the buildings or sheds is prohibited. Hanging or attaching 
anything to the rafters is prohibited unless prior written approval from market management is given. 
 
Food safety: All food preparation must be done in a permitted kitchen. Foods cooked in home kitchens are 
not to be served in The Pop-Up. Pop-Up members are required to operate their food service in accordance 
with all Metro Health Department standards. Hot foods must be kept hot and cold foods kept cold for the 
entirety of your shift. Foods may not be allowed to enter the “temperature danger zone” (between 135°F and
Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


 
{N0734583.1} 
9 
 
40°F). Wash your hands regularly and use gloves when handling ready-to-eat foods. Maintain good personal 
hygiene and a sanitary work environment. Know where sanitizer test strips are and how to use them. 
 
Customer service: Pop-Up members are required to provide excellent customer service to all customers 
while on-site at the market. Be ready on time, greet each customer, be respectful and positive when 
interacting with customers, acknowledge waiting customers and be aware of how many are waiting to 
order/pick-up (add staff to your shifts to speed up customer service if necessary). Remember to pace your 
orders and sales with your kitchen staff’s capacity. Train staff to be knowledgeable on the flavor, ingredients 
and possible allergens associated with your dishes. The Pop-Up has an open kitchen layout, so members 
should anticipate interacting with customers whether cooking, taking orders, etc. 
 
Sampling: The Pop-Up members are permitted to serve product samples to visitors in single servings that 
can easily be grabbed individually. All food samples must be kept at proper food safety temperatures and 
abide by all regular Metro Nashville Health Department guidelines. 
 
Storage: A limited amount of on-site storage options are available for Pop-Up members. Dry, cold and 
freezer storage is available for monthly rental by the shelf. Storage rented may be capped per business 
due to availability. Please contact the market’s kitchens program manager to reserve storage space. 
 
Garbage / refuse: The Nashville Farmers’ Market offers recycling, compost and landfill waste collection at 
the on-premises waste center. All recycling, compost and garbage must be removed from the kitchen and 
placed in the appropriate bin at the end of each day. To keep the market area clean and presentable for 
customers, members must break down boxes, store trash in an orderly manner and bring any excessive 
refuse to the waste center throughout their shifts as needed. 
 
Alcoholic beverages and other controlled substances: Sale and consumption of alcoholic beverages, 
including beer, wine and liquor, is prohibited in The Pop-Up, except with written permission from market 
management and proper permitting. No illegal substances shall be consumed, kept, bought, or sold in any 
rental space or other market locations. Smoking and vaping are prohibited on market grounds (inside the 
iron gates, patio areas, farm sheds, garden center and market house). 
 
Rules of conduct: Nashville Farmers’ Market management expects all Pop-Up members, as well as their 
staff, to conduct themselves in a manner that contributes to a positive experience for market guests. Pop-Up 
members may not leave the kitchen area unattended during their rented shift time frame. Children and pets 
are not allowed in the kitchen area. Market management expects all businesses at the market to be honest 
and to conduct themselves in a courteous and friendly manner. Inappropriate conduct or language toward 
other vendors, customers, or management - whether in person or by electronic media - will not be tolerated 
and may be grounds for immediate termination and dismissal from the market. 
 
Harassment-free workplace: The following is applicable to all vendors and their staff, market staff, service 
providers and board members. The Nashville Farmers’ Market is committed to a work environment in which 
all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Everyone has the right to work in a professional 
atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices 
including harassment. Therefore, market management expects that all relationships among persons in the 
office and markets will be businesslike and free of bias, prejudice and harassment. It is the policy of the 
Nashville Farmers’ Market to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on 
the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, immigration 
status, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty or status as a covered veteran. The 
Nashville Farmers’ Market prohibits any such discrimination or harassment. Anyone who experiences 
harassment is encouraged to report the incident to market management. Any vendor found to be violating 
this policy is subject to possible suspension or expulsion from the market. Please see the appendix on page 
11 for a full definition of harassment.
Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


 
{N0734583.1} 
10 
 
After your shift 
Sales reporting: Pop-Up members are required to submit a monthly report that outlines each of their shift’s 
sales and their total monthly sales. Sales reports must be submitted by the 10th of the following month to the 
market’s kitchens program manager using the template provided in the kitchen documents section of The 
Food Corridor. Failure to report sales constitutes a policy violation. 
 
Cleaning: Market management expects Pop-Up members to clean as they go during their shift to maintain 
a tidy and sanitary environment during service. The Pop-Up and its members are subject to inspection from 
the health department at any time, so business owners and their staff must operate in an organized, clean 
way that is conducive to maintaining perfect inspection scores. The market provides all cleaning supplies 
and equipment needed to maintain a safe, healthy and appealing cooking environment. 
 
Cleaning supply list:
● 
Scouring pads 
● 
Sponges 
● 
Paper towels 
● 
Hand soap 
● 
Dish detergent 
● 
Sanitizer 
● 
Dish machine detergent 
● 
High temp flat top cleaner 
● 
Floor cleaner 
● 
All-purpose cleaner 
● 
Degreaser 
● 
Stainless steel polish 
● 
Grill bricks 
● 
Squeegee 
● 
Mop and mop bucket 
● 
Broom and dust pan 
● 
Trash cans with liners 
● 
Sanitizer test strips
 
From counters to floors, equipment and cabinets, inside fridges and in the dishpit, kitchen members must 
leave The Pop-Up in a clean and rentable state. All market-owned small wares must be cleaned and put 
away from where they were originally sourced.      In-kitchen fridges and freezers must be completely 
emptied and wiped down of food debris before the end of each shift. Storage of any personal or business 
items in The Pop-Up is strictly prohibited without written approval from market management. Items left in 
The Pop- Up are subject to removal and disposal. Remember: this is a shared kitchen space so you should 
leave it in a condition that is respectful of the next small business owner using the space. 
 
You must fill out a closing checklist before the end of each shift by scanning the QR code located on the exit 
doors.  A full checklist of cleaning and closing expectations is available on page 10.       
 
Incomplete cleaning and damaged property: Failure to properly clean The Pop-Up kitchen and reset it for 
the next renter will result in an immediate fine of $75. Multiple cleaning-related violations will result in 
suspension or cancellation of all future shifts. If equipment, small wares, tools or any other market property 
is damaged during your shift, you must alert the market’s kitchens program manager immediately. 
 
Damage to Pop-Up equipment or market property will result in a $100 fee per occurrence. However, if the 
equipment and / or property is damaged to the point of needing serious repair or being inoperable for an 
extended period of time, Pop-Up members will be charged the cost or repair or replacement and may be 
subject to suspension and/or termination of kitchen member agreement and scheduled shifts. If you are 
concerned with the state of the kitchen, equipment and its cleanliness from the previous user, please contact 
the market’s kitchens program manager immediately. Photo documentation of any issues reported will be 
required. 
 
Check out: At the end of each shift, each Pop-Up member must utilize the closing check list by scanning the 
QR code located on the exit doors and completing the checklist prior to ending your scheduled shift. Each 
Pop-Up member must also sign out with their The Food Corridor PIN code prior to leaving for the day.      
 
Quarterly reviews: Businesses regularly participating in The Pop-Up program will have a quarterly meeting 
with the kitchens program manager to review operations and discuss business goals and achievements in 
the program.      
Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


 
{N0734583.1} 
11 
 
Pop-Up checklist 
 
Beginning of shift:  
1. Sign into The Food Corridor 
2. Send any necessary maintenance notes to kitchens program manager 
3. Begin shift 
 
End of shift:  
1. Wash/sanitize all dishes, cooking implements and tools 
2. Empty dish machine (drain water, clean catch pan, clean interior cabinet) 
3. Put away all dishes/cooking tools 
4. Clean plexiglass splatter guard in front of the stove/flat top 
5. Clean stove burners 
6. Clean flat top griddle 
7. Clean food debris/residue out of all ovens 
8. Clean catch pans and drip pans under stove/flat top 
9. Empty and wipe down all fridges/freezers 
10. Empty and wipe down all cabinets 
11. Wipe down/sanitize all counters and prep tables 
12. Wipe down/sanitize all equipment surfaces, including equipment doors and handles 
13. Sweep entire kitchen, including under equipment 
14. Mop entire kitchen area, including under equipment 
15. Clean all sinks, including hand sink and dish sink 
16. Empty flat top grease catch pan and any additional oil used in grease trap in waste disposal center 
(outside the market house) 
17. Take trash, recycling and compost to waste disposal center (outside the market house); drape 
replacement trash can liners over trash cans. DO NOT LEAVE TRASH ON GROUND.  
18. Remove business and menu signage, cleaning any residue from tape or other materials 
19. Check that all heating equipment is off 
20. Relight any pilot lights that are unlit 
21. Turn hood off 
22. Check that all personal/business belongings/products have been removed from the pop-up area 
including inside ovens, fridges, freezers, cabinets and dish machine 
23. Return cleaning tools and chemicals to proper storage areas in the mop closet 
24. Use the tool checklist to be sure all pop-up tools are left in the kitchen 
25. Turn kitchen lights off 
 
 
 
 
________________________________                                        ________________________________ 
Member name (printed)                                                                  Business name 
 
 
 
 
________________________________                                       ________/________/_________ 
Member signature                                                                          Date
Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


 
{N0734583.1} 
12 
 
Appendix 
Definitions of harassment: Sexual harassment constitutes discrimination and is illegal under federal, state 
and local laws. For the purposes of this policy, sexual harassment is defined, as in the Equal Employment 
Opportunity Commission Guidelines, as unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors and other 
verbal or physical conduct of a sexual nature when, for example: 
● 
Submission to such conduct is made either explicitly or implicitly a term or condition of 
an individual's employment 
● 
Submission to or rejection of such conduct by an individual is used as the basis for 
employment decisions affecting such individuals 
● 
Such conduct has the purpose or effect of unreasonably interfering with an individual's 
work performance or creating an intimidating, hostile or offensive working environment. 
Sexual harassment may include a range of subtle and not-so-subtle behaviors and may involve individuals 
of the same or different genders. Depending on the circumstances, these behaviors may include unwanted 
sexual advances or requests for sexual favors; sexual jokes and innuendo; verbal abuse of a sexual nature; 
commentary about an individual's body, sexual prowess or sexual deficiencies; leering, whistling or 
touching; insulting or obscene comments or gestures; display in the workplace of sexually suggestive 
objects or pictures; and other physical, verbal or visual conduct of a sexual nature. 
Harassment on the basis of any other protected characteristic is also strictly prohibited. Under this policy, 
harassment is verbal, written or physical conduct that denigrates or shows hostility or aversion toward an 
individual because of their race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, immigration status 
or citizenship, age, disability, marital status, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic 
protected by law or that of their relatives, friends or associates, and that: a) has the purpose or effect of 
creating an intimidating, hostile or offensive work environment; b) has the purpose or effect of unreasonably 
interfering with an individual's work performance; or c) otherwise adversely affects an individual's 
employment opportunities. 
 
Harassing conduct includes epithets, slurs or negative stereotyping; threatening, intimidating or hostile acts; 
denigrating jokes; and written or graphic material that denigrates or shows hostility or aversion toward an 
individual or group and that is placed on walls or elsewhere on the employer's premises or circulated in the 
workplace, on company time or using company equipment via email, phone (including voice messages), text 
messages, tweets, blogs, social networking sites or other means. 
 
These policies apply to all applicants’ employees and off-site markets where the Nashville Farmers' Market 
operates, whether related to conduct engaged in by fellow employees or someone not directly connected to 
the Nashville Farmers' Market (e.g., an outside vendor, consultant or customer). Conduct prohibited by these 
policies is unacceptable in the workplace and in any work-related setting outside the workplace, such as 
during business trips, business meetings and business-related social events. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


 
{N0734583.1} 
13 
 
Slack Code of Conduct for Information and Communications: Slack is an internal messaging app for 
businesses that quickly connects you to information you need to stay in the loop about important topics in real 
time. Slack makes access to Nashville Farmers' Market management and fellow businesses easy - you can 
message anyone and collaborate just like you would in person. Slack features dedicated spaces called 
channels so content is organized and easy to find. Slack is the mandatory and main internal communications 
tool for Nashville Farmers’ Market. Please review the links below to learn about Slack, how to use it, and how 
it will improve our communications. 
 
How to use Slack: 
1. Download the Slack app on your phone or computer. 
2. Visit Slack.com to watch a demo video here and review their FAQ section. 
3. Step 3: Review and acknowledge the rules and guidelines in this document 
4. Step 4: Notify a Slack admin (information below) that you have downloaded the app and are 
ready to be invited to the Nashville Farmers’ Market Slack channels. 
 
 
Slack admins: 
● 
Darrell Lane, Executive Director - Darrell.Lane@Nashville.gov 
● 
David Griffin, Finance & Administration Manager - David.Griffin@Nashville.gov 
● 
Courtney Cotton, Marketing Manager - Courtney.Cotton@Nashville.gov 
 
Slack rules and guidelines: 
 
As an entity of the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, the Nashville Farmers’ Market 
is subject to public records requests and as such all Slack messages fall under the Tennessee Public Records 
Act and are not confidential. 
 
The Nashville Farmer’s Market requests that information shared on Nashville Farmers’ Market Slack channels 
not be shared with the general public. Our Slack community is intended only for communication between those 
who work at the market in a vendor, staff or tenant capacity. 
 
Be sure that your login credentials and logged-in devices are secure. Please exercise caution and refrain from 
sharing sensitive information as any information shared in the Slack channel is a public record. 
 
Slack retains complete logs of all channels and direct messages for the Nashville Farmers’ Market. Slack is a 
U.S. company and is therefore subject to subpoenas from U.S. courts. Our logs may be subject to subpoena 
and could become public as part of legal proceedings.  
 
Nashville Farmers’ Market has a zero tolerance policy for harassment. Harassment includes all of the points 
listed in the appendix above, as well as a sustained disruption of discussion, continued one-on-one 
communication after requests to cease or publication of non-harassing private communication If you are being 
harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact a Nashville 
Farmers’ Market Slack administrative member immediately. Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior 
are expected to comply immediately. If a participant engages in harassing behavior, Slack admins may take 
any action they deem appropriate, up to and including expulsion from the Nashville Farmers’ Market. 
 
 
Docusign Envelope ID: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
ARCHIVE


Certificate Of Completion
Envelope Id: 0F3FC3D6-CD4C-4630-9E9E-05CF6BBE3BC8
Status: Completed
Subject: Complete with Docusign: 2026 and beyond Kitchen agreement_Sticky Rice.pdf
Source Envelope: 
Document Pages: 40
Signatures: 5
Envelope Originator: 
Certificate Pages: 5
Initials: 0
David Griffin
AutoNav: Enabled
EnvelopeId Stamping: Enabled
Time Zone: (UTC-08:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada)
david.griffin@nashville.gov
IP Address: 170.190.198.185
Record Tracking
Status: Original
             4/23/2026 10:56:45 AM
Holder: David Griffin
             david.griffin@nashville.gov
Location: DocuSign
Security Appliance Status: Connected
Pool: StateLocal
Signer Events
Signature
Timestamp
Sally Palmer
sally.palmer@nashville.gov
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Completed
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.100
Sent: 4/23/2026 11:00:16 AM
Viewed: 4/23/2026 11:54:46 AM 
Signed: 4/27/2026 5:48:37 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 4/27/2026 5:44:15 AM
      ID: b267ff71-1055-4c12-a27b-617edf0f2f3b
Darrell Lane
darrell.lane@nashville.gov
Executive Director
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.180
Sent: 4/27/2026 5:48:39 AM
Viewed: 4/27/2026 11:11:21 AM 
Signed: 4/27/2026 11:11:35 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 4/27/2026 11:11:21 AM
      ID: c4b1389b-b68f-4fdc-b476-ca805914742a
Jenneen Reed/mjw
maryjo.wiggins@nashville.gov
Finance Director
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.100
Sent: 4/27/2026 11:11:37 AM
Resent: 5/4/2026 10:04:59 AM
Viewed: 5/5/2026 2:34:36 PM 
Signed: 5/5/2026 2:35:14 PM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 5/5/2026 2:34:36 PM
      ID: c98e3ea1-a40c-437f-8b78-9d131b41c2f8
Balogun Cobb
balogun.cobb@nashville.gov
Insurance Division Manager
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.185
Sent: 5/5/2026 2:35:16 PM
Viewed: 5/5/2026 2:36:45 PM 
Signed: 5/5/2026 2:38:38 PM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 1/25/2023 12:43:11 PM
      ID: 2f510e9d-2556-4e22-86c5-c8b61288c9d4
ARCHIVE


Signer Events
Signature
Timestamp
Justin Marsh
justin.marsh@nashville.gov
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.185
Sent: 5/5/2026 2:38:40 PM
Viewed: 5/6/2026 6:33:21 AM 
Signed: 5/6/2026 6:33:38 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 5/6/2026 6:33:21 AM
      ID: b642fc55-b669-43da-905c-518dfe0f357e
Austin Kyle
metroclerk@nashville.gov
Stones River Region AACA
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Signature Adoption: Pre-selected Style
Using IP Address: 170.190.198.100
Sent: 5/6/2026 6:33:40 AM
Viewed: 5/6/2026 8:06:11 AM 
Signed: 5/6/2026 8:06:22 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 2/24/2023 8:52:30 AM
      ID: 4af1267f-650f-4c74-9869-8949f48e1397
In Person Signer Events
Signature
Timestamp
Editor Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Agent Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Intermediary Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Certified Delivery Events
Status
Timestamp
Carbon Copy Events
Status
Timestamp
Yolanda Manning
yolanda.manning@nashville.gov
Security Level: Email, Account Authentication 
(None)
Sent: 5/6/2026 8:06:24 AM
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure: 
      Accepted: 2/26/2024 9:56:06 AM
      ID: c5175c99-d365-42d0-8a6b-54fd0bf6e975
Witness Events
Signature
Timestamp
Notary Events
Signature
Timestamp
Envelope Summary Events
Status
Timestamps
Envelope Sent
Hashed/Encrypted
4/23/2026 11:00:16 AM
Certified Delivered
Security Checked
5/6/2026 8:06:11 AM
Signing Complete
Security Checked
5/6/2026 8:06:22 AM
Completed
Security Checked
5/6/2026 8:06:24 AM
Payment Events
Status
Timestamps
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure
ARCHIVE


ELECTRONIC RECORD AND SIGNATURE DISCLOSURE  
From time to time, Farmers’ Market (we, us or Company) may be required by law to provide to 
you certain written notices or disclosures. Described below are the terms and conditions for 
providing to you such notices and disclosures electronically through the DocuSign system. 
Please read the information below carefully and thoroughly, and if you can access this 
information electronically to your satisfaction and agree to this Electronic Record and Signature 
Disclosure (ERSD), please confirm your agreement by selecting the check-box next to ‘I agree to 
use electronic records and signatures’ before clicking ‘CONTINUE’ within the DocuSign 
system. 
 
Getting paper copies  
At any time, you may request from us a paper copy of any record provided or made available 
electronically to you by us. You will have the ability to download and print documents we send 
to you through the DocuSign system during and immediately after the signing session and, if you 
elect to create a DocuSign account, you may access the documents for a limited period of time 
(usually 30 days) after such documents are first sent to you. After such time, if you wish for us to 
send you paper copies of any such documents from our office to you, you will be charged a 
$0.00 per-page fee. You may request delivery of such paper copies from us by following the 
procedure described below. 
 
Withdrawing your consent  
If you decide to receive notices and disclosures from us electronically, you may at any time 
change your mind and tell us that thereafter you want to receive required notices and disclosures 
only in paper format. How you must inform us of your decision to receive future notices and 
disclosure in paper format and withdraw your consent to receive notices and disclosures 
electronically is described below. 
 
Consequences of changing your mind  
If you elect to receive required notices and disclosures only in paper format, it will slow the 
speed at which we can complete certain steps in transactions with you and delivering services to 
you because we will need first to send the required notices or disclosures to you in paper format, 
and then wait until we receive back from you your acknowledgment of your receipt of such 
paper notices or disclosures. Further, you will no longer be able to use the DocuSign system to 
receive required notices and consents electronically from us or to sign electronically documents 
from us. 
 
All notices and disclosures will be sent to you electronically  
Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure created on: 11/7/2022 9:26:08 AM
Parties agreed to: Sally Palmer, Darrell Lane, Jenneen Reed/mjw, Balogun Cobb, Justin Marsh, Austin Kyle, Yolanda Manning
ARCHIVE


Unless you tell us otherwise in accordance with the procedures described herein, we will provide 
electronically to you through the DocuSign system all required notices, disclosures, 
authorizations, acknowledgements, and other documents that are required to be provided or made 
available to you during the course of our relationship with you. To reduce the chance of you 
inadvertently not receiving any notice or disclosure, we prefer to provide all of the required 
notices and disclosures to you by the same method and to the same address that you have given 
us. Thus, you can receive all the disclosures and notices electronically or in paper format through 
the paper mail delivery system. If you do not agree with this process, please let us know as 
described below. Please also see the paragraph immediately above that describes the 
consequences of your electing not to receive delivery of the notices and disclosures 
electronically from us. 
 
How to contact Farmers’ Market:  
You may contact us to let us know of your changes as to how we may contact you electronically, 
to request paper copies of certain information from us, and to withdraw your prior consent to 
receive notices and disclosures electronically as follows: 
To contact us by email send messages to: david.griffin@nashville.gov 
 
To advise Farmers’ Market of your new email address  
To let us know of a change in your email address where we should send notices and disclosures 
electronically to you, you must send an email message to us at david.griffin@nashville.gov and 
in the body of such request you must state: your previous email address, your new email 
address.  We do not require any other information from you to change your email address.  
If you created a DocuSign account, you may update it with your new email address through your 
account preferences.  
 
To request paper copies from Farmers’ Market  
To request delivery from us of paper copies of the notices and disclosures previously provided 
by us to you electronically, you must send us an email to david.griffin@nashville.gov and in the 
body of such request you must state your email address, full name, mailing address, and 
telephone number. We will bill you for any fees at that time, if any. 
 
To withdraw your consent with Farmers’ Market  
To inform us that you no longer wish to receive future notices and disclosures in electronic 
format you may: 
ARCHIVE


i. decline to sign a document from within your signing session, and on the subsequent page, 
select the check-box indicating you wish to withdraw your consent, or you may; 
ii. send us an email to david.griffin@nashville.gov and in the body of such request you must 
state your email, full name, mailing address, and telephone number. We do not need any other 
information from you to withdraw consent..  The consequences of your withdrawing consent for 
online documents will be that transactions may take a longer time to process.. 
 
Required hardware and software  
The minimum system requirements for using the DocuSign system may change over time. The 
current system requirements are found here: https://support.docusign.com/guides/signer-guide-
signing-system-requirements.  
 
Acknowledging your access and consent to receive and sign documents electronically  
To confirm to us that you can access this information electronically, which will be similar to 
other electronic notices and disclosures that we will provide to you, please confirm that you have 
read this ERSD, and (i) that you are able to print on paper or electronically save this ERSD for 
your future reference and access; or (ii) that you are able to email this ERSD to an email address 
where you will be able to print on paper or save it for your future reference and access. Further, 
if you consent to receiving notices and disclosures exclusively in electronic format as described 
herein, then select the check-box next to ‘I agree to use electronic records and signatures’ before 
clicking ‘CONTINUE’ within the DocuSign system. 
By selecting the check-box next to ‘I agree to use electronic records and signatures’, you confirm 
that: 
 
You can access and read this Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure; and 
 
You can print on paper this Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure, or save or send 
this Electronic Record and Disclosure to a location where you can print it, for future 
reference and access; and 
 
Until or unless you notify Farmers’ Market as described above, you consent to receive 
exclusively through electronic means all notices, disclosures, authorizations, 
acknowledgements, and other documents that are required to be provided or made 
available to you by Farmers’ Market during the course of your relationship with Farmers’ 
Market. 
ARCHIVE
