Be -
LEASE AGREEMENT .
: BETWEEN
US AUTO OF NASHVILLE, INC. .
AND THE
METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE AIRPORT AUTHORITY
| RECEIVED
FEB 1 4 2008
METROPOLITAN
CLERK
ARCHIVE


aay
LEASE AGREEMENT

THIS LEASE AGREEMENT, made and entered into, effective as of November 1, 2007 by
and between the METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE AIRPORT AUTHORITY, a public corporation
existing under the laws of the State of Tennessee, hereinafter referred to as "Authority", and US
Auto of Nashville, Inc., hereinafter referred to as "Lessee".

WITNESETH:

WHEREAS, Authority is the owner and operator of the Nashville International Airport,
Nashville, Tennessee; and,

WHEREAS, Lessee is engaged in the operation of a used automobile sales business located
at 1347 Murfreesboro Road, Nashville Tennessee 37217; and,

WHEREAS, Authority wishes to lease, demise and let unto Lessee, and Lessee wishes to
take and lease from Authority, paved parking lot facilities located at 1364 Murfreesboro Road,
Nashville, TN belonging to the Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority, as more fully depicted on
Exhibit “A”, attached hereto and made a part hereof, for the storage of Lessee owned automobiles,

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, terms, conditions,
privileges, obligations and agreements herein contained, Authority and Lessee hereby mutually
undertake, promise and agree, each for itself, and its successors and assigns, as follows:

Article I.
DEFINITIONS

1.1 "Agreement" as used herein is this contract, and as it may be amended from time to time in
writing.

1.2 “Airport" shall mean Nashville International Airport (BNA) as the same may exist from
time to time, including any extensions, additions, or improvements thereto.

1.3 "Assigned Area" and “Lease Area” is the area or areas of the Airport designated by this
Agreement and Exhibit “A” attached hereto.

1.4 “Authority” shall mean the Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority and shall include such
public officials and public bodies as may, by operation of law, succeed to any or all of the
rights, powers or duties that lawfully reside in the Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority.

1.5 "President" shall mean the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Authority or that
person designated by the President to act for him or her with respect to any or all matters
pertaining to this Agreement.

ARTICLE II.
1


TERM

2.1 The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of one (1) month commencing November
1, 2007. Thereafter, this Agreement may be extended for month-to-month renewal periods
which shall be deemed to be automatically exercised unless either party receives written
notice from the other of intent not to renew this Agreement not less than Ten (10) days prior
to the expiration of the base term or any renewal period.

ARTICLE III.
PRIVILEGES AND OBLIGATIONS OF LESSEE

3.1 Lessee shall use the Assigned Area solely for the storage of used automobiles belonging
to US Auto of Nashville, Inc. As incentive for offering this Lease by Authority, Lessee
agrees that it will not in any way market its operations or structure its business activity so
as to interface or in any way integrate its business activities with the passengers, patrons,
customers, or users of any aviation flights to and from Nashville International Airport.
The Assigned Area shall be used for no other purpose without the advance written
approval of the Authority.

3.2 Lessee agrees to conform with all of Authority's signage standards and agrees not to display,
install, inscribe, paint or affix any signs, advertisements or notices upon the Assigned Area
without written consent of Authority, which consent may be denied for any reason or no
reason. Upon termination of Agreement, Lessee shall remove any and all signs,
advertisements and notices at the request of Authority and shall restore the Assigned Area
to its prior condition.

3.3 Lessee is hereby granted the rights of ingress to and egress from the Assigned Area. Such
rights of ingress and egress shall apply to Lessee's employees, guests, patrons, invitees,
suppliers, contractors and other authorized individuals seeking access on behalf of Lessee.

ARTICLE IV.
RENTALS, FEES AND CHARGES

4.1 Commencing November 1, 2007, and continuing thereafter for the base term, Lessee
covenants to pay to Authority, over and above other additional charges and payments to be
made by Lessee, as hereinafter provided, a monthly rental of One Thousand Dollars
($1,000.00), payable on the first day of each month, in advance and without notice.

4.2 Commencing December 1, 2008, and continuing thereafter for each annual anniversary date
thereafter, the rental shall be adjusted in accordance with the percentage of increase in the
Cost of Living Index, All Urban Consumers, “All Items”, compiled and published by the
United States Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics, such percentage being based
upon a comparison of the index figure in effect three (3) months prior to the calendar month
in which the term commenced with the index figure in effect three (3) months prior to the

2


date of each adjustment period. In no event shall the rental be less than One Thousand
Dollars ($1,000.00) per month. It is understood and agreed that the Cost of Living Index
used for the calendar month in which the term commenced is that Index for September 1,
2008, which is three (3) months prior to the calendar month in which the term commenced.

If publication of the Cost of Living Index, All Urban Consumers, shall be discontinued, or if
the manner of calculation of said Index should become no longer comparable to the manner
in which said Index is calculated, the parties hereto shall thereafter accept comparable
statistics on such prices for the United States, as they shall be computed and published by an
agent of the United States or by a responsible financial periodical of recognized authority
then to be selected by the parties hereto, or, if the parties cannot agree upon a selection, by
arbitration in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association. In the
event of (1) use of comparable statistics in place of the Cost of Living Index, All Urban
Consumers, as above mentioned, or (2) publication of the Index figure at other than monthly
intervals, there shall be made in the method of computation herein provided for such
revision as circumstances may require to carry out the intent of this article, and any dispute
between the parties as to the making of such adjustments shall be determined by arbitration.

43 Lessee shall pay for all costs associated with grounds care, electric, gas, water and other
utilities.

4.4 Without waiving any other right of action available to Authority in the event of default in
payment of any and all fees, charges or taxes hereunder, in the event that Lessee is
delinquent for a period of ten (10) days or more in paying to Authority any fees due and
owing to Authority under this Agreement, Lessee shall pay to Authority interest thereon at
the maximum rate allowable by law per annum from the date such item was due and
payable up to the time payment is actually received by the Authority. Such interest shall not
accrue with respect to disputed items being contested in good faith by Lessee.

45 Lessee hereby deposits with Authority cash, a Certificate of Deposit or Letter of Credit in
the amount of One Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($1,500.00), as security ("Security") for
the full, faithful and prompt performance of and compliance with, on the part of Lessee, all
the conditions of this Agreement and all the covenants, terms and conditions of any
provision hereinafter entered into. Said Security shall remain on deposit with Authority
throughout the term of this Agreement. In addition to any and all other remedies available
to it under any agreement or otherwise, Authority shall have the right, at its sole option and
at any time, to use the Security or any part thereof in whole or partial satisfaction of any of
its claims or demands against Lessee and for the payment of reasonable attorney's fees and
other costs for the enforcement of any of its claims or demands against Lessee. There shall
be no obligation of Authority to exercise such right, and neither the existence of such right
nor the holding of the Security itself shall cure any default or breach on the part of Lessee.
In the event that Authority shall at any time or times so use the Security or a part thereof,
Lessee shall, on demand of Authority and within two (2) days thereafter, deposit with
Authority additional cash so as to maintain the Security at all times at the full amount stated

3
ARCHIVE


above; all such additional deposits shall be subject to all the conditions of this Agreement.
: Within thirty (30) days after the expiration of this Agreement and upon written request
therefore by Lessee, Authority will return the Security to Lessee, less the amount of any and
all unpaid claims and damages of the Authority under this Agreement. Upon termination of
this Agreement Authority may, at its option, retain the Security until the expiration of this
Agreement (or until the final date of any extended term, as the case may be) and shall
thereafter, upon demand of Lessee within the time and in the manner provided above, return
the same to Lessee less the amount of any and all unpaid claims and damages, including but
not limited to estimated damages of Authority during the term of this Agreement or any
extension or renewal hereof. Lessee agrees that it will not assign, mortgage or encumber
the Security. Lessee hereby waives any rights to any interest which may be earned or
accrued on its Security during the term of this Agreement or any extension or renewal
hereof.
ARTICLE V.
IMPROVEMENTS BY AUTHORITY

5.1 Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by Authority, Authority shall not be required to make
any other improvements, repairs or modifications whatsoever in or upon the Assigned Area
hereby leased or any part thereof. .

5.2 Except as provided in Section 6.8 of this Agreement, all leasehold improvements, as
defined by Tennessee law, will be considered an integral part of the Assigned Area and title
to such leasehold improvements will vest in Authority upon termination or expiration of
this Agreement, free and clear of any and all liens or encumbrances whatsoever.

ARTICLE VI.
IMPROVEMENTS BY LESSEE

6.1 Lessee shall, without cost to Authority, provide the Assigned Area with all improvements
necessary for its operation.

6.2 All improvements and equipment constructed or installed by Lessee, its agents, or
contractors, including the plans and specifications shall conform to all applicable statutes,
ordinances, building codes, rules and regulations, and Airport’s Tenant Improvement
Manual.

6.3 No work or construction shall commence until written approval from the Authority is
received and the plans are stamped "Approved".

6.4 The Authority shall either approve or disapprove the plans and/or specifications submitted
by Lessee. The approval by the Authority of any plans and specifications refers only to the
conformity of such plans and specifications for the Assigned Area to existing improvements
at the Airport and such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld. Such plans and
specifications are not approved for architectural or engineering design or compliance with

4
ARCHIVE


applicable laws or codes, and the Authority, by approving such plans and specifications,
assumes no liability or responsibility for any defect in any structure or improvement
constructed according to such plans and specifications. The Authority reserves the right to
reject any designs submitted without stating the reasons for such action.

6.5 | Upon completion of improvements, a duly authorized officer of Lessee must prove to the
satisfaction of Authority by certified written statement, and any other means or devices
deemed necessary by Authority: (1) the amount of total construction costs; (2) that the
improvements have been constructed in accordance with plans and specifications previously
approved by Authority and in strict compliance with all applicable building codes, laws,
rules, ordinances and regulations; and (3) that no liens exist on any or all of the construction
and that all contractors and subcontractors have been paid all amounts due and owing to
them.

6.6 Lessee shall not remove or demolish, in whole or in part, any improvements upon the
Assigned Area without the prior written consent of the Authority, which may be
conditioned upon the obligation of Lessee to replace the same by an improvement specified
in such consent.

6.7 Lessee shall be responsible for making repairs at its sole expense for any damage resulting
from the removal by Lessee of said improvements.

ARTICLE VII.
OPERATIONAL STANDARDS

7A Lessee agrees to operate upon and within the Assigned Area in a safe and orderly manner.

7.2. The management, maintenance and operation of the Assigned Area shall at all times be
under the supervision and direction of an active, qualified, competent manager who shall at
all times be subject to the direction and control of Lessee.

7.3. The operations of Lessee, its employees, invitees, suppliers, and contractors shall be
conducted in an orderly manner so as not to annoy, disturb or be offensive to others.
ARTICLE VII.

MAINTENANCE
8.1 Lessee will keep, or see to the keeping of the Assigned Area at all times in good and
substantial repair, and will be responsible for keeping the Assigned Area in a good, clean
and healthy condition commensurate with housekeeping standards of other tenants at the

Airport.

8.2 If Lessee shall at any time fail to keep the Assigned Area in good and substantial repair as

aforesaid in a clean and healthy condition, then Authority, after giving Lessee the (10) days
5


written notice of such failure to comply, may do all things necessary to effect compliance

with this Article, and all monies expended by it for that purpose shall be repayable by

Lessee as additional rental in the month or months said work is performed. Authority's

determination shall be final and conclusive.

8.3 Lessee agrees to maintain and make necessary repairs to its Assigned Area.

8.4 Prior to making any structural repairs, Lessee shall submit plans to and obtain the written
approval of the Authority. All such work performed by Lessee must be inspected and
approved by the Authority.

8.5 All repairs done by Lessee or on its behalf shall be of first class quality in both materials
and workmanship. All repairs shall be made in conformity with the rules and regulations
prescribed from time to time by federal, state or local authority having jurisdiction over the
work in Lessee's Assigned Area.

8.6 The Authority shall have the right to enter Lessee's Assigned Area to:

a. Inspect the Assigned Area at reasonable intervals during Lessee's regular business
hours, or at any time in case of emergency, to determine whether Lessee has
complied with and is complying with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
The Authority may, at its discretion, require Lessee to affect repairs required of
Lessee at Lessee's own cost.

b. Perform any and all things which Lessee is obligated to do, but has failed to do after
reasonable notice, including: maintenance, repairs and replacements to Lessee's
Assigned Area. The cost of all labor and materials required to complete the work
will be paid by Lessee to the Authority within ten (10) days following demand by
the Authority for said payment. Authority's receipts and invoices shall be
conclusive and binding on Lessee as to the cost of performance of such obligations
by Authority.

8.7 Lessee shall, in a timely manner, provide for the adequate sanitary handling and removal of
all trash, garbage and other refuse caused as a result of Lessee's operations. Lessee agrees to
provide and use suitable covered or sealed receptacles for all garbage, trash and other refuse
in the Assigned Area. Piling of boxes, cartons, barrels or similar items shall not be
permitted.

8.8 Lessee shall have the right, but shall not be obligated, to provide security protection as it
may desire at its own cost. Such right, whether or not exercised by Lessee, shall not in any
way be construed to limit or reduce the obligations of Lessee hereunder. Any extra security
protection shall be subject to the authority granted to the Airport's Public Safety Department
and shall in no way hinder or interfere with their duties.

6
ARCHIVE


ARTICLE IX.
COMPLIANCE

91 Lessee, its officers, agents, servants, employees, contractor, licensees and any other person
whom Lessee controls or has the right to control shall comply with all present and future
laws, ordinances, orders, directives, rules, and regulations of the United States of America,
the State of Tennessee, the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County
and their respective agencies, departments, authorities or commissions which may either
directly or indirectly affect Lessee or its operations on or in connection with the Assigned
Area or Airport. If the Authority incurs any fines or penalties due to Lessee's violation of
any such present or future laws, ordinances, orders, directives, rules and regulations, it is
mutually agreed by both parties that any such fine or penalty shall be directly passed on to
Lessee by Authority and the same shall become the sole responsibility of Lessee.

9.2 Lessee shall pay wages that are not less than the minimum wages required by federal and
state statutes ordinances to persons employed in its operations hereunder.

9.3 This Agreement has been made and entered into in the State of Tennessee and the laws of
said state shall govern the validity and interpretation of this Agreement and the performance
hereunder. The parties agree that only a state or federal court of law sitting in Nashville,
Tennessee shall hear matters arising from this Agreement; for such matters, the non-
prevailing party shall pay the prevailing party’s reasonable attorney’s fees and all other
expenses reasonable related to litigation.

ARTICLE X.
ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLEASING

10.1 Lessee shall not assign this Agreement or allow same to be assigned by operation of law or
otherwise, or sublet the Assigned Area or any part thereof without the prior written consent
of Authority. Authority reserves the right to deny any assignment or subletting by Lessee
for any reason it deems in the best interest of Authority. Any purported assignment or
sublease in violation hereof shall be void.

10.2 In no case may the activities, uses, privileges and obligations authorized herein on the
Assigned Area or any portion thereof be assigned, for any period or periods after a default
of any of the terms, covenants, and conditions herein contained to be performed, kept and
observed by Lessee.

10.3 In the event Authority consents to any assignment or subletting on the part of Lessee for
any rights or privileges granted in this Agreement, Lessee shall be and remain responsible
for any and all payments due Authority as a result of operations from the assignment or
subletting and for the performance of any and all of Lessee's obligations hereunder.

7
|
|
ARCHIVE,


ARTICLE XI.
INDEMNIFICATION

11.1 Lessee shall protect, defend, indemnify and hold Authority and its Board of Commissioners,
officers, and employees completely harmless from and against any and all liabilities,
demands, suits, claims, losses, fines, or judgments arising by reason of the injury or death of
any person or damage to any property, including all reasonable costs for investigation and
defense thereof (including but not limited to attorney fees, court costs and expert fees), of
any nature whatsoever arising from or incident to Lessee's performance of this Agreement,
its operations in the Assigned Area or the acts or omissions of Lessee's officers, employees,
agents, contractors, subcontractors, licensees or invitees regardless of where the injury,
death or damage may occur; unless such injury, death or damage is caused by the sole
negligence of Authority. Authority shall give Lessee reasonable notice of any such claims
or actions. Lessee, in carrying out its obligations hereunder shall use counsel reasonably
acceptable to Authority. The provisions of this section shall survive the expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement.

ARTICLE XII.
INSURANCE AND BONDS

12.1 Lessee agrees to maintain public liability insurance in an amount of not less than One
Million Dollars ($1,000,000) combined single limit and a deductible not greater than Ten
Thousand Dollars ($10,000). Such insurance policies shall name Authority, its Board of
Commissioners, its officers, and its employees as additional insureds to the full extent of
Lessee's insurance coverage but in no event less than the required minimum coverage limit
amount. Such insurance shall include contractual liability insurance to insure Lessee's
obligation to indemnify and hold the Authority, its Board of Commissioners, its officers and
its employees harmless in accordance with the indemnification provisions of this
Agreement.

12.2 Lessee agrees that all insurance policies shall contain a severability of interest or cross-
liability provision endorsement which shall read generally as follows:

“In the event of one of the assureds incurring liability to any other of the
assureds, this policy shall cover the assured against whom claim is or may
be made in the same manner as if separate policies had been issued to each
assured. Nothing contained herein shall operate to increase the limits of
liability”.

12.3. Lessee agrees that all insurance policies shall provide that they will not be altered or
cancelled without thirty (30) days advance written notice to Authority. Such insurance must
provide that it will be considered primary insurance as respects any other valid and
collectible insurance, or self-insured retention, or deductible Authority may possess. Any
other insurance or self-insured retention of Authority shall be considered excess insurance
only. .

8
ARCHIVE


12.4 Authority shall have the right to change the insurance coverage’s and the insurance limits
required of Lessee, without any adjustment of the rental fees paid by Lessee or any cost to
Authority, if such changes are recommended or imposed by Authority's insurers. If an
increase is requested by Authority, Lessee shall be allowed thirty (30) days at the existing
rental, without penalty, and Lessee may terminate this Agreement without penalty.

12.5 Lessee shall obtain all insurance required from an insurance company or companies
licensed to do business in the State of Tennessee. The insurance company must be
acceptable to Authority; approval may be denied a company based on its A. M. Best rating
or other indication of financial inadequacy. Said rating must be A- or greater to be accepted
by Authority.

12.6 Lessee shall provide to Authority such evidence of compliance with Authority's insurance
requirements as Authority may from time to time request. At a minimum Lessee shall
provide, at the commencement of this Agreement, a certificate of insurance. All such
certificates shall be completed to show compliance with Lessee's obligations hereunder,
specifically as to the indemnification and notice provisions. Authority may also require
copies of the declaration page, insurance policy, and any endorsements thereto.

12.7 If Lessee or its insurance company fails to promptly respond to Authority's request for
adequate evidence of compliance with the insurance provisions Authority may, in addition
to all its other remedies, charge Lessee an additional rental in an amount equal to ten
percent (10%) of the rental required hereunder until such evidence is provided.

12.8 If Lessee shall at any time fail to insure or keep insured as aforesaid, Authority may do all
things necessary to effect or maintain such insurance and all monies expended by it for that
purpose shall be repayable by Lessee as additional rental in the month or months the
premium or premiums are paid by Authority. If any insurance policies required hereunder
cannot be obtained for any reason Authority may require Lessee to cease any and all
operations until coverage is obtained. If such insurance coverage is not obtained within a
reasonable period of time, to be determined solely by Authority, Authority may terminate
this Agreement.

12.9 Prior to commencing any work or construction in the Assigned Area, Lessee agrees to
provide, or cause to be provided, Authority with a Construction Bond and Labor and
Materials Bonds, for any construction or capital improvements undertaken by Lessee during
the term of this Agreement in a sum equal to the full amount of the construction contract
award.

ARTICLE XIiil.
SECURITY

13.1 Lessee agrees to observe all security requirements of Federal Aviation Regulations Part
1542, and the Airport Security Program, and as they may be amended hereafter, applicable
parts of which will be furnished to Lessee, as approved by the Federal Aviation

9
ARCHIVE


Administration and/or the Transportation Security Administration, and to take such steps as
may be necessary or directed by Authority to insure that sublessees, employees, invitees,
and guests observe these requirements.

13.2 If Authority incurs any fines and/or penalties imposed by the Federal Aviation
Administration and/or the Transportation Security Administration, or any expense in
enforcing the regulations of Federal Aviation Regulations Part 1542 and/or the Airport
Security Program, as a result of the acts or omissions of Lessee, Lessee agrees to pay and/or
reimburse all such costs and expense. Lessee further agrees to rectify any security
deficiency as may be determined as such by Authority, the Federal Aviation Administration
and/or the Transportation Security Administration. Authority reserves the right to take
whatever action necessary to rectify any security deficiency as may be determined as such
by Authority, the Federal Aviation Administration and/or the Transportation Security
Administration, in the event Lessee fails to remedy the security deficiency.

ARTICLE XIV.
ATTORNEY'S FEES
14.1 In the event that either party brings any action under this Agreement, and prevails in said
action, then the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its
reasonable fees incurred as a result of said action. Such fees shall include, but not be
limited to, expert witness fees, court reporter fees, court costs, and attorney fees.
ARTICLE XV.
AMENDMENT
15.1 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties. No amendment,
modification, or alteration of the terms of this Agreement shall be binding unless the same
be in writing, dated subsequent to the date hereof and duly executed by the parties hereto.
ARTICLE XVI.
RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES
16.1 Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or construed by the parties hereto, or by any
third party, as creating the relationship of principal and agent, partners, joint venturers, or
any other similar such relationship, between the parties hereto. The parties understand and
agree that neither the method of computation of rent, nor any other provision contained
herein, nor any acts of the parties hereto creates a relationship other than the relationship
of Landlord and Tenant.
ARTICLE XVII.
APPROVALS BY AUTHORITY
17.1 Unless otherwise specified in the Agreement, whenever this Agreement calls for approval
by the Authority, such approval shall be evidenced by the written approval of the President
10


of Authority or his designee.
ARTICLE XVIII.
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION

18.1 Lessee agrees to comply with all laws, and to obey all rules, regulations, or administrative
orders of agencies of The Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County,
the State of Tennessee, The United States and Authority as these laws, rules, regulations
and administrative orders may now exist and as they may be hereafter adopted relating to
protection of the environment.

ARTICLE XIV.
ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

19.1 Lessee shall not cause or permit any "Hazardous Substance" as defined in Paragraph
22.4 of the Agreement to be used, stored or generated on the Assigned Area, except for
Hazardous Substances of types and quantities customarily used or found in Lessee's
business so long as said Hazardous Substances are used, stored and/or generated in full
compliance with all laws. Lessee shall not cause or permit the release [as "Release" is
defined in 42 U.S.C. Section 9601(22)(as amended)] of any Hazardous Substance,
contaminant, pollutant, or petroleum product in, on or under the Assigned Area or into
any ditch, conduit, stream, storm sewer, sanitary sewer, trash receptacle or dumpster
connected thereto or located thereon. Lessee shall fully and timely comply with all
applicable federal, state, and local statutes and regulations relating to protection of the
environment, including, without limitation, 42 U.S.C. Sections 6991-69911.

19.2 Compliance Upon Termination - Upon the termination of this Agreement or vacation of
the Assigned Area, Lessee shall, at Lessee's sole expense, remove or permanently clean all
Hazardous Substances that Lessee, or anyone for whom Lessee is responsible, including,
but not limited to, a customer, invitee, employee, agent, or person having a contractual
relationship with the Lessee, caused to be situated on, at, in or under the Assigned Area.
This shall be done in compliance with all applicable federal, state and local laws,
regulations and ordinances and shall include the performance of any necessary cleanup or
remedial action. Lessee shall provide Authority with copies of all records related to any
Hazardous Substances that are required to be maintained by any applicable federal, state,
or local laws or regulations. Lessee shall, at Lessee's sole expense, clean up, remove and
remediate (1) any Hazardous Substances in, on, or under the Assigned Area in excess of
allowable levels established by all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations
and (2) all contaminants and pollutants, in, on, or under the Assigned Area that create or
threaten to create a substantial threat to human health or the environment and that are
required to be removed, cleaned up, or remediated by any applicable federal, state, or local
law, regulation, standard or order. This obligation does not apply to a Release of
Hazardous Substances, pollutants, contaminants or petroleum products that existed on the

. 11
ARCHIVE


Assigned Area prior to the execution of the Agreement or caused solely by the act or
omission of Authority or a third party for whom the Lessee is not responsible, e.g., not a
customer, invitee, employee, agent, or person having a contractual relationship with the
Lessee.

19.3 Indemnity for Non-Compliance - Lessee shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the
Authority and its consultants, agents, officers, directors and employees from and against
all claims, damages, losses and expenses, whether direct, indirect or consequential,
including but not limited to attorneys fees, arising out of or resulting from the Lessee's use
of the Assigned Area or acts or omissions of others on the Assigned Area for whom
Lessee is responsible. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the above
indemnification provision extends to liabilities, damages, suits, penalties, judgments, and
environmental cleanup, removal, response, assessment, or remediation costs, arising from
actual, threatened or alleged contamination of the Assigned Area or actual, threatened or
alleged release of any Hazardous Substances, pollutant, contaminant or petroleum in, on
or under the Assigned Area or the Building, provided that said actual, threatened or
alleged contamination or release occurs after execution of the Agreement and is not
caused by contamination that existed at the Assigned Area prior to execution of the
Agreement. Lessee's obligations under this paragraph shall survive termination or
expiration of the Agreement.

19.4 Definition of Hazardous Substances - As used herein, the term "Hazardous Substances"
means and includes any and all substances, chemicals, wastes, sewage or other materials
which are now or hereafter regulated, controlled or prohibited by any local, state or federal
law or regulation requiring removal, warning or restrictions on the use, generation,
disposal or transportation thereof including, without limitation, (a) any substance defined
as a "hazardous substance", "hazardous material", "hazardous waste", "toxic substance", or
“air pollutant" in the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and
Liability Act(CERCLA), 42 U.S.C. Section 9601, et_seq., the Hazardous Materials
Transportation Act(HMTA), 49 U.S.C. Section 1801, et_seq., the Resource Conservation
and Recovery Act (RCRA), 42 U.S.C. Section 6901, et_seq., the Federal Water Pollution
Control Act (FWPCA), 33 U.S.C. Section 1251, et seg., or the Clean Air Act (CAA), 42
U.S.C. Section 7401, et_seq., all as amended and amended hereafter; (b) any substance
defined as a "hazardous substance", "hazardous waste, "toxic substance", "extremely
hazardous waste", "RCRA hazardous waste", "waste" or "hazardous material" in Sections
25115,25117, 25122.7, 25120.2, 25124, 25281, 25316, 25501 of the California Health and
Safety Code, or listed pursuant to Section 25140 of the California Health and Safety Code;
(c) any hazardous substance, hazardous waste, toxic substance, toxic waste, hazardous
material, waste, chemical, or compound described in any other federal, state, or local
statute, ordinance, code, rule, regulation, order, decree or other law now or at any time
hereafter in effect regulating, relating to or imposing liability or standards of conduct
concerning any hazardous, toxic, or dangerous substance, chemical, material, compound,
or waste. As used herein, the term "Hazardous Substances" also means and includes,
without limitation, asbestos; flammable, explosive or radioactive materials; gasoline, oil;
motor oil; waste oil; petroleum (including without limitation, crude oil or any fraction
thereof); petroleum-based products; paints and solvents; lead; cyanide; DDT; printing

12
ARCHIVE


inks; acids; pesticides; ammonium compounds; polychlorinated biphenyls; and other
regulated chemical products.

19.5 Authority's Representation - To the best of Authority's current actual knowledge and belief
as of the date of execution of this Agreement, Authority is not aware of any disposal of
any Hazardous Substances in the Assigned Area prior to the date of execution. Authority
has provided Lessee with an opportunity to inspect the Assigned Area prior to the
execution of the Agreement and date of possession.

ARTICLE XX.
TAXES

20.1 Lessee shall pay on or before their respective due dates, to the appropriate collecting
authority, all federal, state and local taxes and fees, which are now or may hereafter be
levied upon the Assigned Area, or upon Lessee, or upon the business conducted on the
Assigned Area or upon any of Lessee's property used in connection therewith; and shall
maintain in current status all federal, state, and local licenses and permits required for the
operation of the business conducted by Lessee. In addition, Lessee shall pay all taxes
assessed against all personal property located on the premises and shall also pay all
privilege, excise and other taxes duly assessed. Lessee shall pay said taxes when due so
as to prevent the assessment of any late fees or penalties.

20.2 Lessee has the right to legally protest to any proper taxing authority, at its own expense,
by whatever legal means, any tax, levy, assessment or other governmental or similar
charge it deems inappropriate or unlawful.

20.3 Lessee covenants to furnish to Authority, promptly upon request, proof of the payment of
any tax, assessment, and other governmental or similar charge, which is payable by Lessee
as provided herein.

ARTICLE XXI.
GENERAL PROVISIONS

21.1 Nondiscrimination - Lessee assures that it will undertake an affirmative action program as
required by 14 CFR Part 152, Subpart E, to insure that no person shall on the grounds of
race, creed, color, national origin, or sex be excluded from participating in any employment
activities covered in 14 CFR Part 152, Subpart E. Lessee assures that no person shall be
excluded on these grounds from participating or receiving the services or benefits of any
program or activity covered by this subpart. Lessee assures that it will require that its
covered suborganizations provide assurances to Lessee that they similarly will undertake
affirmative action programs and that they will require assurances from their
suborganizations as required by 14 CFR Part 152, Subpart E, to the same effect.

21.2 Federal Aviation Act, Section 308 - Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to grant

13


Lessee any exclusive right or privilege within the meaning of Section 308 of the Federal
Aviation Act or the conduct of any activity on Airport, except that, subject to the terms
and provisions hereof, Lessee shall have the right to possess the Assigned Area under the
provisions of this Agreement.

21.3 Subordination to Agreements With the United States Government - This Agreement is
subject and subordinate to the provisions of any agreement heretofore or hereafter made
between Authority and the United States Government relative to the operation or
maintenance of Airport, the execution of which has been required as a condition precedent
to the transfer of federal rights or property to Authority for Airport purposes, or the
expenditure of federal funds for the improvement or development of Airport, including
the expenditure of federal funds for the development of Airport in accordance with
provisions of the Federal Aviation Act of 1958, as it has been amended from time to time.

Authority covenants that it has no existing agreements with the United States
Government in conflict with the express provisions hereof.

21.4 Nonwaiver of Rights - No waiver of default by either party of any of the terms, covenants,
and conditions hereof to be performed, kept, and observed by the other party shall be
construed as, or shall operate as, a waiver of any subsequent default of any of the terms,
covenants, or conditions herein contained, to be performed, kept, and observed by the other
party.

21.5 Notices - All notices to Authority required by this Agreement shall be in writing addressed
to:

President

Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority

One Terminal Drive, Suite 501 :

Nashville, Tennessee, 37214
and all notices to Lessee so required shall be addressed to:

“Pmoct HAarmecl_

IBN SnucSreesbara KO]

Nashuille TIN =r!

or any other address furnished to the Authority, in writing, by Lessee. Any notice required
or desired to be given under this Agreement may be personally served or given by mail.
Any notice given by mail shall be sent certified mail with return receipt requested, postage
prepaid, addressed to the party to be served at the last address filed by such party with the
other party and shall be deemed served on the date that such notice shall be deposited in the
United States mail in the manner described herein.

21.6 Captions - The headings of the several articles of this Agreement are inserted only as a
matter of convenience and for reference and in no way define, limit, or describe the scope or
intent of any provisions of this Agreement and shall not be construed to affect in any
manner the terms and provisions hereof or the interpretation or construction thereof.

14
ARCHIVE


21.7 Severability - If one or more clauses, sections, or provisions of this Agreement shall be held
to be unlawful, invalid, or unenforceable, the parties hereto agree that the material rights of
either party shall not be effected thereby.

21.8 Agent for Service or Process - The parties hereto expressly understand and agree that if
Lessee is not a resident of the State of Tennessee, or is an association or partnership without
a member or partner resident of said State, or is a foreign corporation, then in any such
event the Lessee does designate its Tennessee registered agent as its agent for the purpose of
service of process in any court action between it and Authority arising out of or based upon
this Agreement, and the service shall be made as provided by the laws of the State of
Tennessee by serving also the Lessee's registered agent. The parties hereto expressly agree,
covenant, and stipulate that Lessee shall also personally be served with such process out of
this State by the registered mailing of such complaint and process to the Lessee at the
address set forth herein. Any such service out of this State shall constitute valid service
upon Lessee as of the date of receipt thereof. The parties hereto further expressly agree that

; the Lessee is amenable to and hereby agrees to the process so served, submits to the
jurisdiction, and waives any and all obligations and protect thereto, any laws to the contrary
notwithstanding.

21.9 Waiver of Claims - The Lessee hereby waives any claim against Authority and the State of
Tennessee and its officers, or employees for loss of anticipated profits caused by any suit or
proceedings directly or indirectly attacking the validity of this Agreement or any part
thereof, or by any judgment or award in any suit proceeding declaring this Agreement null,
void or voidable, or delaying the same or any part thereof, from being carried out.

21.10 Right to Develop Airport - The parties hereto further covenant and agree that Authority
reserves the right to further develop or improve the Airport Terminal and all landing areas
and taxiways as it may see fit, regardless of the desires or view of Lessee and without
interference or hindrance. In such instances, the costs of development and financial
impact, as they impact Lessee, shall be borne by Authority and Lessee according to
mutually agreed upon terms and conditions.

21.11 Incorporation of Exhibits - All exhibits referred to in this Agreement are intended to be and
hereby are specifically made a part of this Agreement.

21.12 Incorporation of Required Provisions - The parties incorporate herein by reference all

provisions lawfully required to be contained herein by any governmental body or agency.

21.13 Nonliability of Agents and Employees - No member, officer, agent, or employee of the
Authority or the Lessee shall be charged personally or held contractually liable by or to the
other party under this Agreement or because of any breach thereof or because of its or their
execution.

21.14 Successors and Assigns Bound - This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the successors and assigns of the parties hereto where permitted by this

15
ARCHIVE


Agreement.

21.15 Right to Amend - In the event that the Federal Aviation Administration or its successors
requires modifications or changes in this Agreement as a condition precedent to the
granting of funds for the improvement of Airport, or otherwise, Lessee shall make such
amendments, modifications, revisions, supplements, or deletions of any of the terms,
conditions, or requirements of this Agreement as may be reasonably required and any
expenses resulting from such amendments, modifications, revisions, supplements or
deletions, shall be borne solely by Lessee.

21.16 Time of Essence - Time is of the essence in the performance and/or satisfaction of the
duties and/or conditions of this Agreement.

21.17 Gender - Words of any gender used in this Agreement shall be held and construed to
include any other gender, and words in the singular number shall be held to include the
plural, unless the context otherwise requires.

21.18 Force Majeure - Neither Authority nor Lessee shall be deemed in violation of this
Agreement if it is prevented from performing any of the obligations hereunder by reason
of strikes, boycotts, labor disputes, embargoes, shortage of material, acts of God, acts to
the public enemy, acts of superior governmental authority, weather conditions, riots,
rebellion, sabotage, or any other circumstances for which it is not responsible or which are
not within its control.

21.19 Disadvantaged _and_Small/Minority/Women Owned Business Enterprise Programs -
Lessee agrees that it will comply with Authority's Disadvantaged and
Small/Minority’Women owned Business Enterprise Programs and applicable laws and
regulations, as they now exist and as they may be hereafter modified.

ARTICLE XX.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT

22.1 The parties hereto understand and agree that this instrument contains the entire agreement
between the parties hereto. The parties hereto further understand and agree that the other
party and its agents have made no representations or promises with respect to this
Agreement or the making or entry into this Agreement, except as in this Agreement
expressly set forth, and that no claim or liability for cause for termination shall be asserted
by either party against the other, and such party shall not be liable by reason of, the making
of any representations or promise not expressly stated in this Agreement, any other written
or oral agreement with the other party being expressly waived. |
The individuals executing this Agreement warrant that they have full authority to execute
this Agreement on behalf of the entity for whom they are acting herein.

The parties hereto acknowledge that they thoroughly read this Agreement, including any
16


exhibits or attachments hereto, and have sought and received competent advice and _

counsel which was necessary for them to form a full and complete understanding of all ° _

rights and obligations herein. _
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Authority and Operator have executed this Agreement as of the date
first written above. .

METROPOLITAN NASHVILLE
AIRPORT AUTHORITY:
WITNESS: APPROVED:
6 2
ce A. Holloway Raul L. Regalado, CUE.
aff Secretary President & CEO
APPROVED AS TO FORM RECOMMENDED: ns
& LEGALITY: . )
(obre87 tala 4b) Exrroe.,
Robert C. Watson, Esq., M.0O. Burgess, J {)
Senior Vice President and Senior Vice Prosigént & COO
Chief Legal Officer
LESSEE: [NAME]
WITNESS: APPROVED:
)) \
signatu: CY. A__, 1 signature:
S
. \7
printed name: 7 ay 5 Z a J printed name: nnn Hames
rite: Leos of title: Gener Ma AC.) . oo
4
17 :


a . ] SN / / a _ 4
if 7 ,
Lf fl neane9' so" 2 0B |

ee | S
ell) i oS
o 1 \ H \ I i - . |
eyL el i Fok 4
tot \ \ \ : i vo ; . 4.

ri i | . . | : a
i | \ \ i i Fos ca a
an \ {os # fi .
pho AG I. ee 4
by \ nn
i) | bl iho _ sits nd
i 4 Sy tea

Por) |
(| ; | csi
wt | |i OA7ARLZZLZZZZZIZ ILL ILL ILL

ia eat ont Y VLLLL LLL LLL LLL LLL LLL LAM,

my St i VZLEZI LILI LAI LL LLL LL LLL LL ION

Py ei x CLLLLL LILLIA LLL LL \\~

Phi | VLZZZL LILLIE LLL LLL LL LDS

RP) weit ! VLLLLLLLLLL LLL LLL LLL LL lp—Aps CANOPY

Po Si | | ; A KL LLL Lp Lan LLL LLPT LLL N\
aan | ULL LL Kf pba LLL LLL LM

ae “A PLLLI LILA ILI ZL TLZDNM

| i | | hy CP LLL LL LA NSD LLP LN ENCLOSED

| fog | VIZLL ZL LAL LLL LLL LN

| po oy PLL L LL LA ILL ZZ 22224 FENCED AREA

fi | CLL LA RAL EIN LEE LTT ZZ /

Br | rr RL ZZZ ZZ ZA _ 16,915 SF. +/-

| | | Pt nn S2Leee ems

ieee LP

| | oe a4 :t—— BUILDING #4126

| : H ; Sy i

Pot |e 7 || 3,247 SF.

i} | -

ten Liz |.

Loi) lit | PAVEMENT AREA

ml | li y 33,170 SF. +/-

, | ee ns (7 HL eee ae
pk so.olt / LLkLL LAMM Mh fff fey (onan
- yi NS X OE DOB Ae ff oo “|
— _ — 1364 MURFREESBORO PIKE
EXHIBIT A

...\projects\bna\dgn\buildings.dgn 10/31/2007 9:53:54 AM SCALE: 1" = 50'

ARCHIVE


Te
: |
|
|
|
| |
| |
|
| pene NO2°29'39"W_ 2062307
i i i
ol |
oI |
“|
a ‘|
i q
| |
| ie
o! Wo
Ti yo
Al
|
i i _ o!
|| | | eee
st ELLE Ws ;
oi Ve PLLILL LI LLL LLL LL LLL LL ELAN
vt VIZLLLZ LLL LLL LLL LOL ELEN
om YELLE o— CANOPY
} yi UE CN.
: $ PLLLLL PLA TLL LI LTA
| | Y CLLLL LILA TT ZT ZZ LMS
i Si Y CLLLLL LL A NLL LPT eM ENCLOSED
: O ELLIE LLL ATTTH
i + | VZZLL ELLA ANA ZILLI FENCED AREA
VIZLL LLL A NOI IIT
: uF Yj, VZZZZZ77 3-1 16,915 SF. +/-
i Y ae
| YY Yi BUILDING #4126
! Yh 3,247 SF.
inl LY
i PAVEMENT AREA
YW | 33,170 SF. +/-
i =
i 0.00\; (Cee
a aa IGS 2V AS "E 20646 Yj.
— — — 1364 MURFREESBORO_PIKE
oo EXAIBITAT id
...\projects\bna\dgn\buildings.dgn 10/31/2007 9:53:54 AM ~—~~«SSCALE: 1"= 50°
ARCHIVE
