r
4.3ntsH
Tfte ^ ^
wirghnuub
NASHV
I LLE
Document # 
License Date 09/19/17
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE
ACTING BY AND THROUGH THE AUTHORITY DELEGATED TO
THE FAIRGROUNDS
BY THE METROPOLITAN BOARD OF FAIR COMMISSIONS
THE FAIRGROUNDS LICENSE AGREEMENT
By and Between the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners ("Licensor") and Tiffany Cooper/Beimont University
("Licensee") to Wit: The Licensor agrees to furnish the Licensee the use of the following premises:
The Sanitation Lot
building(s) as is, with its present lighting, and if available, toilet facilities, water, heat, and office space for
only the purpose of
Parking Event/ Belmont University Basketball Game Parking
Fairgrounds does not allow fortune telling or soliciting on the property#^^^
1. Definitions.
a. "IJcensor" means the Metropolitan Government of NashviEe and Davidson County acting
by and through tlie Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners.
b. "Licensee" or "Promoter" means the entity or person(s) who possesses tlie rights covered
herein as granted by tlie Licensor.
c. "Fjcecutive Director" or "Director" means tlie Executive Director of Tlie Fairgrounds. Tlie
Executive Director shall have fiill responsibility? for die operation of The Fairgrounds and
shall act for and on behalf of Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County-
and die Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners in die management of The Fairgrounds.
d. "Tlie Fairgrounds" or "Premises" describes the 117 acre property, bordered by NolensviUe Pike,
Craighead Street, and Bransford Avenue and Wedgevvood Avenue owned by the Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County and managed by die Metropolitan Board of Fair
Commissioners. Die term "Die Fairgrounds" may also be rased in reference to "die Dcensor" as
identified in section La.
{N0068140.il
Page 1 of 16
ARCHIVE


"Fairgrounds Office" or 'Tairgrounds Staff means the Executive Director, Secretary, or
Fairgrounds employee charged with organizing the event on behalf of the Executive Director.
2. Term.
a. This license agreement becomes effective upon execution by all parties for use of the premises
begnning 12/01/17 
and ending 12/01/17
b. Move-In Date: 12/01/17 
and Time: 9am 
.
c. Move-Out Date: 12/01/17 
and Time 2pm 
.
d. The dates and times set forth above shall control in the event of any conflict with any other
move-in and move-out provisions set forth in this Agreement 
I
3. Rent and Rates.
a. Rent: The Licensee agrees to pay the Licensor the sum of $250.00 
plus taxes,
equipment and misc. rentals for the use of the premises.
b. General Deposits: One-Half (V2) of the total amount due is required as a non-refundable
deposit upon signing this license agreement, and both the agreement & 
deposit must be
tendered within 10 business days after the License Date. A banlc cashier's check for the
remaining balance is due before Move-In.
c. Clean Up- Fee Deposits and Assessments. There is a refundable flOOO.OO dean-up fee and damage
deposit for all events held in The Fairgrounds Speedway and Grandstands. There is a refundable
$1000.00 clean-up fee and damage deposit for all events held in The Fairgrounds Five Points Lot
After inspection, if no dean-up is required and there are no damages to the premises, the deposit
referenced in this ffibsection shall be returned. Building Clean-up Fee Assessment There is an
additional dean-up fee of $500.00 that shall be assessed per building if the building is not left in the
condition in which it was recdved. All deposits shall be in the form of a bank cashier's check.
d. Move-In and Move-Out The Licensor wiU allow the Licensee a Va day Move-In hereinafter
"Move-In day") beginniag at noon on the day before the first day of the term of this License as
listed in Section 2.a. and 2.b. of this agreement It is understood by the Licensee that no other use
of the premises other than set-up will be permitted on Move-In days. The Licensee agrees to
pay to the Licensor "additional rent" equal to Va day rental (hereinafter "Additional Rent")
if the Licensee moves in before noon on move in day, or if the Licensee sells, trades, opens
to the public, displays, or swaps on Move-In day. Additional rent is also due for each Va day
that the Licensee occupies the premises over and above the Move-In day, the term of this license,
or each Va day the Licensee occupies the premises beyond midnight the last day of the term of this
License. (See Section 12 on Vacation and Surrender of Premises). All rents shall be in the form of a
bank cashier's check
4. Rin'lding Layout. The Licensee must submit a complete building diagram set up to The Fairgrounds
Office Staff at least 10 business days prior to the event in order to receive Metro Fire Marshal approval
Failure to comply with this requirement may result in closure of the show or delayed opening of the event.
The Dcensee will assume fiiU responsibility for obtaining Metro Fire Marshal approval on diagrams not
received ia Fairgrounds office 10 business da5's prior to the event. A penalty will be assessed of $50 per day
until the approved diagram is received. * There shall be "NTO F.T .F.CTRIGAT. CORDS on the ground
where the public walks per Metro Codes Dept.
(Noo68i4o.i( 
Page 2 of 16
ARCHIVE


5. Inspection of Facilities. The Fairgrounds ■will perform a building and grounds ■walk-through
inspection ■with the licensee to review the condition of the facilities, prior to turning the facilities over
for the licensee's event. Any pre-existing damage shall be noted and signed by both the licensee and
the licensor. If appropriate, photographs may also be taken. A post event walk-through shall also be
conducted by The Fairgrounds. The licensee is free to participate in said walk-through.
6. Protection of The Fairgronnds' Property. The licensee agrees to retum to its former condition
that part of the premises used by the licensee and to remove all equipment such as floors, booths,
platforms, and wiring erected by the licensee. The licensee further agrees to pay the cost of any and
all installations made, and is accountable for all tables, chairs, and miscellaneous items rented.
S
7. Financial Responsibility for total Repair Costs.
a. licensee shall pay for any and all damages to The Fairgrounds and damage to or loss of any of
the property or equipment of The Fairgrounds and/or injury to any person resulting from the
activities or use of The Fairgrounds by the licensee or licensee's representatives, employees,
agents, vendors, contractors, members, suppliers and attendees.
b. The licensee shall be financially responsible for the costs of repairing any damage done to
fairgrounds buildings, roads, fencing or other property caused by Licensee or their
representatives, employees, agents, vendors, contractors, members, suppliers and attendees.
c. The usage of tape or adhesives results in chipped and damaged paint on the premises and,
therefore, neither tape nor similar adhesive shall be placed on walls or doors. Costs to
repair tape and adhesive damage to walls and doors ■will be charged to the licensee.
d. The Fairgrotmds ■wiU not accept the assignment of insurance benefits for such repairs. In the
event of damage, the licensee shall be given photographs of the damaged property and a biU
for the cost of the repairs. licensee ■will then have 14 business days firom the date that the
repair charges are presented to the licensee to render their payment in full to the licensee. If
legal action is required to collect the repair costs firom the licensee, the licensee shall also pay
for such resulting legal fees and court costs.
e. The pro^visions of this Section 7 and Section 33 herein below shall not apply to the
contributory extent of the negligence or wrongful acts of licensor or its agents, employees or
representatives.
8. Insurance.
a. The licensee agrees to furnish broad form comprehensive general liability insurance in
the amount of $1,000,000.00 and property damage coverage in the amount of $25,000.00.
b. Automobile liability is required in the amount of 1,000,000 ^f the contractor ■will be making
deliveries on site or loading/unloading on site).
c. licensee shall maintain workers' compensation insurance ■with statutory limits required by
the State of Tennessee or other applicable laws and Employer's liability Insurance ■with limits
of no less than 100,000 dollars, as required by the laws of Tennessee (not required for
companies ■with fewer than 5 employees).
d. The policy is to be written so as to name as "additional insured" and protect Metropolitan
Government of Nash^viUe and Da^vidson County, the Board of Fair Commissioners, it
officers, agents, servants, employees, and the Executive Director firom loss or liability and is to
be delivered to the office of the Executive Director prior to taking possession of the premises
by the Licensee.
e. Further, the Dcensee shall indemnify, exonerate, insure, and hold harmless the licensor from
any and all claims for damages, losses, or injuries, resulting from, arising out of, or in any way
{N0068H0.1} 
Page 3 of 16
ARCHIVE


connected with, directly or indirectly, the use of the premises, whether said claims be made by
employees, agents, or servants of the parties hereto or by third parties, except such damages,
losses or injuries, as may result solely from negligence by the Licensor. licensee further
agrees to defend licensor in any legal proceedings or to pay licensor its reasonable attomey
fees for defending itself against any such claim.
f. The policy shall hegin coverage at Move-In time and he carried through Move-Out
time.
9. Senirify The licensee agrees to furnish sufficient security officers and/or police officers to maintain
law and order. Certain events may be required to have a min. of (2) Metro Police Officers.
10. Vacation of Premises and Surrender.
a. All events held outside the buildings on Monday-Thursday & 
Sunday nights must end no later
than 10 p.m. All events held inside the buildings must end no later than 11:00 p.m. GST.
All events held outside on Friday & 
Saturday nights must end no later than 11 p.m. licensee
will be charged a $100 per additional hour fee/per building or facility, if the facilities are not
vacated of all persons by midnight. AH persons, except licensed security personnel, must
vacate the premises by midnight, unless approved in writing to stay additional hours by The
Fair^ounds Executive Director or his designee.
b. If licensee fails to surrender the premises to The Fairgrounds at the expiration of the term for
use stated herein, then The Fairgrounds may remove firom the premises all effects remaining
therein and store the same wherever it sees fit at licensee's cost, expense, and risk. The
Fairgrounds shall not be liable to licensee for removing and storing such effects. For such
additional periods as any effects of licensee remain at The Fairgrounds, licensee shall pay
The Fairgrounds double the rare for the space. In addition. Licensee shall be liable to The
Fairgrounds for any claim or damages suffered by The Fairgrounds resulting from licensee's
failure to surrender the premises to The Fairgrounds in as good condition as licensee received
the same.
11. Cancellation. No event cancellations will be accepted by The Fairgrounds except at provided in
Sections 12 and 45 of this license. licensee shall be responsible for 100% of the rent on all licensed
premises regardless of actual use or occupancy. This license shall not be signed for a term in excess of
one year from the contract date.
12. Termination. Should licensee fail to fuLSU in a timely and proper manner its obligations under this
license or if it should violate any terms of this license, the licensor shall have the right to immediately
terminate the license. Such termination shall not relieve licensee of any liability to the licensor for
damages sustained by virtue of any breach by licensee. Should funding for this contract be
discontinued, the licensor shall have the right to terminate this license immediately upon written notice
to licensee. The licensor may terminate this license at any tame upon thirty (30) days written notice to
Licensee.
13. Default by Licensee. Licensee shall be in default of this agreement 1) if it fails to pay any amounts
due under this License, 2) if it breaches any provision of this License or of any rules and regulations
promulgated by The Fairgrounds, 3) if it violates any applicable federal, state, or local laws during its use
of the premises, or 4) if it should dissolve or cease doing, business, become insolvent or bankmpt
Upon default by Licensee, The Fairgrounds may in its sole discretion:
a. Terminate the contract immediately, and declare the entire License fee for the balance of the
term due and payable.
b. Reenter and relet the property or any part thereof, or operate the same, for the balance of the
Term, receive rents there from and apply them first to expenses of making necessary repairs
{N0068140.1} 
Page 4 of 16
ARCHIVE


to the premises, attorney's fees, and all other reasonable expenses of Fairgrounds in reentering
the premises and reletting the premises, and second, to the payment of the license fee
hereunder.
c. Terminate this license by giving licensee written notice of termination, which shall not excuse
breaches of this License, having already occurred. Upon termination, the relation of the
parties shall be the same as if the term had fully expired and the said Fairgrounds may reenter
the premises and remove all persons there from and resort to any legal proceedings to obtain
possession and licensee shall, notwithstanding such reentry, pay the full amount of said rental
as herein agreed to be paid together with any other costs, expenses, or damages incurred by
The Fairgrounds as result of breach of this Agreement
d. Pursue any other remedies available to the licensor either at law or equity. licensor shall be
under no obligation to relet the Premises.
14. Default by The Faifgrmind.ti. The Fairgrounds shall be in default of this license if it fails to provide
the Premises at the time required by this license. In the event of default by The Fairgrounds the
liability of The Fairgrounds shall be limited to the return to the licensee of the unearned rent paid to
The Fairgrounds under this license.
15. Maintenance of Records. licensee shall maintain documentation for all charges against the
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County. The books, records, and documents of
licensee, insofar as they relate to work performed or money received under the license agreement, shall
be maintained for a period of three (3) full years from the date of final payment and will be subject to
audit, at any reasonable time and upon reasonable notice by the Metropolitan Government of
Nashville and Davidson County or its duly appointed representatives. The records shall be maintained
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
16. Mndification of Contract. This contract may be modified only by written amendment executed by
all parties and their signatories hereto.
17. Partnership/Jntnt Venture. Nothing herein shall in any way be construed or intended to create a
partnership or joint venture between the parties or to create the relationship of principal and agent
between or among any of the parties. None of the parties hereto shall hold itself out in a manner
contraiy to the terms of this paragraph. No party shall become liable for any representation, act or
omission of any other party contrary to the terms of this paragraph.
18. T.ike Shnw.'i. Significantly Similar Shows: It is the desire of The Fairgrounds to have a
complimentary mix of entertainment events for the mutual benefit of the public and the promoters.
Events that are of a significantly similar nature may affect attendance and/or appeal to the public.
Therefore. The Fairgrounds reserves the right to require a reasonable period of time between
■seheHiiling events that are significantly similar in nature.
19. Concessions. The Fairgrounds reserves for itself, its agents, contractors, or concessionaires the sole
right to the following sales and services: Sales and serving of all food, beverages (alcoholic & non
alcoholic). Sales and serving of aU food and beverages (alcoholic and non-alcoholic) must go
through D&D Events the exclusive concessionaire/caterer of The Fairgrounds. In addition,
NO BOOTHS Of EXHIBITS are allowed to be within 10 ft. of any the concession stand.
20. Sale of Beer and/or Alcoholic Beverages. Initial the applicable paragraph:
V'a. _ The licensee represents and warrants that it has engaged the Concessionaire who has
been awarded the concessions lease agreement for The Fairgrounds ("Concessionaire") to
furnish beer/ alcoholic beverages to the public, guests, and/or invitees with the understanding
fNoo68i4o.i) 
Page 5 of 16
ARCHIVE


that the Concessionaire has the exclusive right to furnish beer/alcohoiic beverages on The
Fair^unds. The Concessionaire for the Fairgrounds is D&D Events,
b. yCj The Licensee represents and warrants that it will neither furnish beer/alcoholic
beverages to the public, guests, and/or invitees nor allow such to be brought onto the
property.
21. TTfi'lifie.<;- The Fairgrounds will provide (if available inside buildings) customary lighting, heating, air
conditioning, and water at no additional cost to the Licensee. There shall be a charge for using electric
wall outlets for use inside buildings. Authorized use of outdoor utilities shall be priced in advanced
and noted in an addendum to this agreement.
22. Parking Fee.s. The Fairgrounds reserves the right to charge a parking fee for all events held at The
Fairgrounds. Certain events may be charged a higher "special events" parking fee.
23. Licenses and Taxes. Licensee shall obtain at its own expense all licenses and permits required by law,
and Licensee shall pay all t^es, fees, and charges required by any governmental authority in connection
with its use of the premises.
24. Lien. The Licensee hereby grants to The Fairgrounds a first lien on all property of the Licensee,
whether from ticket sales or any other source, to secure the payment of rent, taxes, charges or damages '
herein covenanted to be paid by the Licensee, for the purpose of securing the performance of any and
all covenants, conditions, or obligations arising under this License. In the event of default The
Fairgrounds may take possession of any and aE of said property including box office receipts and hold
the same until such default has been remedied, and if not remedied or satisfied within ten (10) days of
such default The Fairgrounds may advertise said property or properties for sale and upon such sale
apply the proceeds to the satisfaction of any amounts due The Fairgrounds and shall pay to the
Licensee any sums remaining. This remedy is not exclusive, and The Fairgrounds may at its discretion
pursue any appropriate remedy to recover all or any deficits remaining on the above mentioned rents,
charges, and other sums.
25. ControL The Fairgrounds reserves the right throughout the Term to control the operation and
management of the premises. The Fairgrounds Executive Director and staff have the right to enter the
premises at any time for any purpose, including removal of any person who, in the sole judgment, of
the Executive Director or designated assistants, is dismpting or obstructing the proper operation and
management of the premises.
26. Use of Premises. The Executive Director and staff may use any part of the premises during Move-In,
during Move-Out, and at any time Licensee is not actively using the particular part of the premises, so
long as the Executive Director's use does not interfere with the Dcensee's use.
27. Activities. The Fairgrounds does not allow fortune telling or soEciting on the property.
28. Hazardous Property. Licensee shaE not bring upon the premises any exhibit, equipment or vehicles
which, in the sole reasonable judgment of the Executive Director, would be or might be dangerous to
persons or property or otherwise incompatible with the structure, systems, and furnishings of the
premises.
29. Copyrights. Royalties, and Trademarks. Licensee warrants that no music, Eterary or artistic work
or other property protected by copyrighted wiE be performed, reproduced or used, nor wiE the name
of any entity protected by trademark be reproduced or used during Dcensee's use of the premises
unless Licensee has obtained written permission from the trademark or copyright holder. Licensee
covenants to comply strictly with aE laws respecting copyright, royalties, and trademarks and warrants
{Noo68Mo.ij 
Page 6 of 16
ARCHIVE


that it will not infringe any related statutory, common law, or the right of any person during its use of
the premises. Licensee will indemnify and hold The Fairgrounds and its officers, agents, and
employees harmless firom all claims, losses and damages ^eluding court costs and attomey fees) with
respect to such copyright, royalty, or trademark rights.
30. Abandoned Property. Any property remaining on the premises or any property stored by The
Fairgrounds, which has not been claimed by Licensee within ten (10) days after the expiration of the
term, shall be deemed abandoned by Licensee. At the Tennessee State Fairground's option. The
Fairgrounds may: 1) take possession of it and treat it as its own property and utilize it, or destroy it or
otherwise dispose of it, or 2) store it at the Licensee's sole cost, expense, and risL The Licensee hereby
waives any right to claim the value thereof or damages therefore. The Licensee shall be liable to The
Fairgroimds for: 1) the cost incurred by The Fairgrounds in disposing of or destroying the abandoned
property and, 2) the cost of storing it if The Fairgrounds elects to store it for the Licensee.
31. Waiver. No waiver by either party of any default shall operate as a waiver of any other default, or the
same default on a future occasion. No delay or omission by either party in exercising any right or
remedy shall operate as a waver thereof, and no single or partial exercise of a right or remedy shall
prelude any other further exercise thereof, or the exercise of any other right or remedy.
32. Licensee's Assumption of Responsibility. Licensee expressly assumes full responsibility for all
persons connected with Licensee's use of'the premises, including all its employees, agents, members,
invitees, and licensees.
33. TnHemnifiratinn and Hold Harmless. 
The Licensee agrees to indemnify, exonerate, insure,
defend, and save harmless the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners and any employee, agent, or
servant of The Fairgrounds or the Metropolitan Government of Nash-ville and Davidson County of
losses, or injuries, resulting firom, gro-wing out of, or in any way connected with, directly, or indirectly,
the use of the premises, whether said claims arise out of, including, -without limitations, the acts and/or
omissions of its employees, agents, independent contractors, or third parties. To the extent of the
proceeds received by the Metropolitan Board of Fait Commissioners and the Metropolitan
Government under any insurance furnished for the benefit of the Metropolitan Board of Fair
Commissioners by Licensee, the obligation to indemnify and save harmless the Metropolitan Board of
Fair Commissioners and the Metropolitan Government against the subject matter of said insurance
shall be deemed to be satisfied pro tan to. This Section 33 is subject to Section 7(e) herein above.
34. Release of Liability. The parties agree that the individual members of the Metropolitan Board of Fair
Commissioners and any employee, agent, or servant of The Fairgrounds or Metropolitan Government
of Nash-ville and Davidson County assume no personal responsibility for the making of this License.
The parties further release all individual members of the Metropolitan Board of Fair Commissioners,
and any employee, agent, or servant of The Fairgrounds or Metropolitan Government of Nashville and
Davidson County, firom any personal liability gro-wing out of or concerning the making of this License.
35. Time of Essence. Time is of the essence of this Dcense. If the deposit and signed license agreement
is not received within 10 business days of the contract date. Licensor reserves the right to cancel the
event and terminate this license and/or license the building(s) for use by another party.
36. Contingent Fees. Licensee agrees that Licensee has not been retained or retained any persons to
solicit or secure a Metro contract upon an agreement or understanding for a contingent commission,
percentage, or brokerage fee, except for retention of bona fide employees or bona fide established
commercial selling agencies for the purpose of securing business. Breach of the provisions of this
paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a breach of the ethical standards which may result
{N0068140.1} 
Page 7 of 16
ARCHIVE


in dvil or crirninal sanctions and/or debarment or suspension from being a Hcensee under Metro
contracts.
37. Employment. Licensee affirms that it does not subscribe to any personnel policy that permits or
allows for the promotion, demotion, dismissal, or laying off of any individual due to race, creed, color,
national orig^, age, sex, or handicapping condition. No person shall be excluded from participation in,
be denied benefits of, be discriminated against in the admission or access to, or be discriminated against
in treatment or employment in the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County's
contracted programs or activities, on the grounds of handicap and/or disability, age, race, color,
religion, sex, national origin, or any other classification protected by federal or Tennessee State
Constitutional or statutory law; nor shall they be excluded from participation in, be denied benefits of,
or be otherwise subjected to discrirnination in the performance of contracts with the MetropoKtan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County or in the employment practices of Metro's Dcensees.
Accordingly, all Dcensees entering into agreements with Licensor shall, upon request, be required to
show proof of such nondiscrimination and to post in conspicuous places that are available to all
employees and applicants, notices of nondiscrimination.
38. Ethical Standards. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or agree to
give any employee or former employee, or for any employee or former employee to solicit, demand,
accept or agree to accept from another person, a gratuity or an offer of employment in connection with
any decision, approval, disapproval, recommendation, preparation of any part of a program
requirement or a purchase request, influencing the content of any specification or procurement
standard, rendering of advice, investigation, auditing or in any other advisory capacity in any proceeding
or application, request for ruling, determination, claim or controversy or other particular matter,
pertaining to any program requirement of a contract or subcontract or to any solicitation or proposal
therefore. Breach of the provisions of this paragraph is, in addition to a breach of this contract, a
breach of ethical standards which may result in dvil or criminal sanction and/or debarment or
suspension from being a contractor under the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson
County contracts.
39. Assignment. Consent Required. The provision of this License shall inure to the benefit of and be binding
upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. Ndther this license nor any of the rights
and obligations of the Licensee hereunder shall be assigned or transferred in whole or in part to any person,
fiirm, or corporation without the prior written consent of the Licensor, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld. Any such assignment or transfer shall not relieve licensee from obligations
hereunder. Any approved assignee shall assume each and every obligation of Licensee hereunder, and
Licensor may contract with or accept monies from any such assignees without waiving any of its rights
hereunder.
40. Compliance with Laws. Licensee agrees that every person connected with Dcensee's occupancy and
use of premises covered by this license agreement shall abide by, conform to, and comply with aU laws
of the United States and the State of Tennessee, and all of the ordinances of the Metropolitan
Government of Nashville and Davidson County, together with the rules, regulations, and policies of
Licensor for the government and management of said premises. T.icensee agrees to foUow all
fesnliitinn.q and policies of the Board of Fair Commissioners in place at the time of the event.
Licensee will not do, or suffer to be done, anything on said premises during the term of this License
7\greement in violation of any such laws, ordinances, rules, or regulations, and if the attention of the
Dcensor is called to such violation on the part of the Dcensee or any person employed or admitted
to the premises by said Licensee, said Licensee will immediately desist from and correct such
violation.
{N0068140.1} 
Page 8 of 16
ARCHIVE


41. Iran Divestment Act. In accordance with the Iran Divestment Act, Tennessee Code Annotated §12-
12-101 et seq., licensee certifies that to the best of its knowledge and belief, neither Licensee nor any of
its subcontractors are on the list created pursuant to Tennessee Code Annotated §12-12-106.
Misrepresentation may result in civil and criminal sanctions, including contract termination, debarment,
or suspension firom being a Licensee, Contractor, or subcontractor under Metro contracts.
42. Governing- Law. The laws of the State of Tennessee shall control the validity, constmction and effect
of this License and also any extension and/or modifications of it
43. Gratuities and Kickbacks. It shall be a breach of ethical standards for any person to offer, give or
agree to give any employee or former employee to solicit, demand, accept or agree to accept firom
another person, a gratuity or an offer of employment in connection with any decision, approval,
disapproval, recommendation, preparation of any part of a program requirement or a purchase request,
influencing the content of any specification or procurement standard, rendering of advice,
investigation, auditing or in any other advisory capacity in any proceeding or application, request for
ruling, determination, claim or controversy or other particular matter, concerning any program
requirement of a contract, or sub-contract or to any solicitation or proposal thereof. It shall be a
breach of ethical standards to make any payment, gratuity, or offer of employment, by or for a sub
contractor under a contract to the prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor or any person
associated therewith, as an inducement for the award of a subcontract or order.
44. Force Maieure. If the premises or any part of The Fairgrounds is destroyed or damaged by fire or any
other cause, or if any other casualty or unforeseen occurrence renders the fulfillment of this License by
The Fairgrounds impossible, the Licensee shall be liable for rent which has accmed only at the time of
termination, provided, however, if such impossibility of performance shall be due to the act or
omissions of Licensee, its agents, employees, members, licensees, or invitees, then the Licensee shall be
liable for the entire rent charged hereunder as weE as afl accmed charges in addition to such other
damages as may result from such acts or omissions. Licensee hereby waives any claim for damages or
compensation firom The Fairgrounds on account of such termination.
45. Severability. Should any court of competent jurisdiction declare any provision of this License invaHd,
then, such provision shaE be severed and shaE not affect the vaEdity of the remaining provisions of this
License.
46. Entire Agreement. This License constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and superseded
aE previous understandings. This License may not be modified except by written consent of the parties
hereto.
47. Logos and Trademarks. The unauthorized use of "The Fairgrounds" trademarks and logos is strictly
prohibited.
48. Signage. AE signage must be in accordance with The Fairgroimd signage poEcies as approved by the
Board of Fair Commissioners. Any and aE signage inconsistent with the approved poEcy is prohibited.
49. Brown's Creek. Licensor shaE conduct no activities resulting in discharge to or harmfiE impact to
Brown's Creek. The MetropoEtan Stormwater Department is authorized to inspect property and
require the discontinuance of any activities that could resrJt in harmful or hazardous impact to Brown's
Creek or activities found to be harmful to piibEc health safety and welfare generaEy as it relates to
Brown's Creek or stormwater run-off.
(N0068M0.1} 
Page 9 of 16
ARCHIVE


50. Residual Matters. Any matters, not expressly covered by this license or by applicable rules and
regulations adopted by The Fairgrounds shall be determined by the Executive Director's sole
discretion.
51. F-vbihits. Exhibits A, B, C, and D 
are attached to this license agreement and incorporated herein.
52. Notices and Designation of Agent for Service of Process.
a. Notice of to the Licensor concerning this license shall be delivered to:
The Fairgrounds Nashville 
Shipping by FED-X & 
UPS:
P.O. Box 40208 
625 Smith Ave.
Nashville, TN 37204 
NashviHe, Tn. 37203 
,
Phone: (615) 862-8994 
If questions call 615-862-8980
Fax: (615) 862-8992 
*We will ONLY accept the week of event
b. Notices to Licensee shall be delivered to:
T i^^nsee: Belmont University
Tiffany Cooper
Address: 1900 Beimont Blvd. Nashville. TN 37204
c. Licensee hereby designates the following as the Licensee's agent for service of process and
will waive any objection to service of process if process is served upon this agent
Designated Agent
.
 , . 
Beimont University
Designated Agent:
Att'n- 
Robert Fisher
Address: 1900 Beimont Bivd, Nashville,TN 37204
53. Additional Provisions:
Licensee/Promoter has the abiiitv to request additional equipment while event is in progress.
(Noo68i4o.i( 
Page 10 of 16
ARCHIVE


54. Additional Provisions:
None
55. Additional Provisions;
None
56. EFFECTIVE DATE. This License shall not be binding upon the parties until it has been signed first
by the Licensee and then by the authorized representatives of the Metropolitan Government. When it
has been so signed, this license shall be effective as of the date first ■written above.
(This Space Is Intentionally Left Blank)
{N0068140.1} 
Page 11 of 1,6
ARCHIVE


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed their signatures as of the date first above
written.
LICENSOR:
METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OF
NASHVILLE AND DAVIDSON COUNTY,
TENNESSEE BY AND THROUGH
THE BOARD OF FAIR COMMISSIONERS
LICENSEE:
irector
APPROVED AS TO AVAILABILITY
0F,F1UNDS:
Talia Lomax-O'dneal
Director of Finance
4-
APPROVED AS TO INSURANCE
duly
REQUIREMENTS:
Director^Jinsurance
APPROVED AS TO FORM AND
LEGALITY:
-y/m-.
VTitle:
p.p. fofi 
f
Sworn to and subscribed to before me,
a Notary Public, this j2/^dav of
Afdvl'-kr 
Jgqi? Lbv
^'■ery 
, the
f
 ^^iJif Licensee and
authorized to execute this instmment on
authorizedto execute this instn
.^behalf of
(LICENSEE)
No'farv Public
Notary Public 
n <7 IQ
My Commission Expires t'O' i
Metropolitan Attomey
Filed with the Metropolitan Clerk:_j5^£2_> 20
Metropolitan Clerk
n.
MKwmiii
~
 ; TENNESSEE i %
\ \ NOTARY / f
% \ PUBLIC / #
■' UN 
;• p-'i
{N0068140.1}
Page 12 of 16
ARCHIVE


•* "li'""-—
I 
I * -
RECEIVED
HFC 0 k 2017
DIRECTOR OF FINANCE
ARCHIVE


yKCOFtrZf
CERTIFICATE OF LIABILITY INSURANCE
DATE(MM/DDATYY)
11/17/2017
THIS CERTIFICATE IS ISSUED AS A MATTER OF INFORMATION ONLY AND CONFERS NO RIGHTS UPON THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER. THIS
CERTIFICATE DOES NOT AFFIRMATIVELY OR NEGATIVELY AMEND, EXTEND OR ALTER THE COVERAGE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES
BELOW. THIS CERTIFICATE OF INSURANCE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A CONTRACT BETWEEN THE ISSUING INSURER(S), AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OR PRODUCER, AND THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER.
IMPORTANT: If the certificate holder is an ADDITIONAL INSURED, the policy(ies) must have ADDITIONAL INSURED provisions or be endorsed. If
SUBROGATION IS WAIVED, subject to the terms and conditions of the policy, certain policies may require an endorsement. A statement on this
certificate does not confer rights to the certificate holder in lieu of such endorsement(s).
PRODUCER
Aon Risk Services South, Inc.
Franklin TN Office
501 Corporate Centre Drive
Suite 300
Franklin TN 37067 USA
CONTACT
NAME:
pvC.'No.Ext): C866) 283-7122 
(800) 363-OlOS
E-MAIL
ADDRESS:
INSURER(S) AFFORDING COVERAGE
NAIC#
INSURED
Belmont university
1900 Belmont Blvd
Nashville TN 37212-3757 USA
INSURERA: 
United EducatoTS Ins, a Reciprocal RRG
10020
INSURER B:
INSURER C:
INSURER D:
INSURER E:
INSURER F:
a'
C
a2
k.
a
■c
c
X
COVERAGES
CERTIFICATE NUMBER: 570069258511
REVISION NUMBER:
THIS IS TO CERTIFY THAT THE POLICIES OF INSURANCE LISTED BELOW HAVE BEEN ISSUED TO THE INSURED NAMED ABOVE FOR THE POLICY PERIOD
INDICATED. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY REQUIREMENT, TERM OR CONDITION OF ANY CONTRACT OR OTHER DOCUMENT WITH RESPECT TO WHICH THIS
CERTIFICATE MAY BE ISSUED OR MAY PERTAIN. THE INSURANCE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES DESCRIBED HEREIN IS SUBJECT TO ALL THE TERMS,
EXCLUSIONS AND CONDITIONS OF SUCH POLICIES. LIMITS SHOWN MAY HAVE BEEN REDUCED BY PAID CLAIMS. 
Limits shown are as requested
POLICY EFF
fMM/DD/YYYY)
06/01/2017
a5dI
INSD
SUBR
WVD
POUCY EXP
(MM/DD/YYYY)
06/01/2016
TYPE OF INSURANCE
POLICY NUMBER
v/6?2m
COMMERCIAL GENERAL UABILITY
EACH OCCURRENCE
$1,000,000
LTR
CLAIMS-MADE
X 
OCCUR
DAMAGE TO RENTED
PREMISES (Ea occurrence)
MED EXP (Any one person)
PERSONAL & ADV INJURY
GEN'L AGGREGATE LIMIT APPLIES PER:
POLICY 
□log
OTHER:
GENERALAGGREGATE
PRODUCTS - COMP/OP AGG
$1,000,000
$5,000
$1,000,000
$3,000,000'
$3,000,000
AUTOMOBILE UABILITY
COMBINED SINGLE LIMIT
(Ea accident)
ANY AUTO
OWNED
AUTOS ONLY
HIRED AUTOS
ONLY
BODILY INJURY (Per person)
SCHEDULED
AUTOS
NON-OWNED
AUTOS ONLY
BODILY INJURY (Per accident)
PROPERTY DAMAGE
(Per accident)
C
2
a
c
ts
t
a
C
UMBRELLA LIAB
EXCESS LIAB
OCCUR
CLAIMS-MADE
EACH OCCURRENCE
AGGREGATE
DED
RETENTION
WORKERS COMPENSATION AND
EMPLOYERS* UABILITY
ANY PROPRIETOR / PARTNER / EXECUTIVE
OFFICER/MEMBER EXCLUDED?
(Mandatory In NH)
If yes. describe under
DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS below
PER
STATUTE
lOTH
lER
T I n□N/A
E.L. EACH ACCIDENT
E.L DISEASE-EA EMPLOYEE
E.L. DISEASE-POLICY LIMIT
DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS I 
LOCATIONS / VEHICLES (ACORD 101, Additional Remarks Schedule, may be attached if more space Is required)
RE: 
Parking Buses "for November 21, 2017, Basketball Game on Belmont campus. Times will be 9am to 2pm and a Belmgnt
c
representative will be on site with buses,
provisions of the General Liability policy.
ertificate Holder is included as Additional insured in accordance with the policy
CERTIFICATE HOLDER
CANCELLATION
SHOULD ANY OF THE ABOVE DESCRIBED POLICIES BE CANCELLED BEFORE THE
EXPIRATION DATE THEREOF, NOTICE WILL BE DELIVERED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
POUCY PROVISIONS.
The Fairgrounds
Metropolitan Government of Nashville and
Davidson County, the Board of Fair
Commissioners
625 Smith Ave.
Nashville TN 37203 USA
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
£
ACORD 25 (2016/03)
©1988-2015 ACORD CORPORATION. All rights reserved.
The ACORD name and logo are registered marks of ACORD
ARCHIVE
